so sma ( you 're not from texas ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
back to my roots is a song by american singer rupaul .
every grain of sand is a song written by bob dylan and composed by dylan with chuck plotkin .
dear elm blues is a song by the american rock and roll band deep elm Blues .
s si te vas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer pedro fernández released on 4 september 1995 .
so girls is a song recorded by rainbow for her tenth studio album , so girls ( 2010 ) .
prodigal blues is a song by english singer-songwriter billy idol , written by idol with stevens and produced by keith forsey .
my maria is a song written by british country music artist b. stevenson .
hell town story is a song by american rock band level 42 .
keep on running is a song by american singer jackie edwards .
the motherload is a song by american progressive metal band mastodon from their debut album once more ` round the sun ( 2014 ) .
never got myself together is a song by the impressions on motown records ' tamla label .
sway high is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her tenth studio album , loveppears ( 2000 ) .
 u make my sun shine is a song performed by american r b duo prince and angie stone .
lazy hands is a song by american singer niall horan from her third studio album , flicker ( 2017 ) .
s sweeter and sweeter is a song written by don reidharold reid and carson statler brothers and recorded by american country music group the statlers brothers .
what the hell have i is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains featured on their 1993 album last action hero .
the dance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
sun glasses is a song written by john davis , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
any who is n't me tonig is a song written by julie didier and casey kelly , and recorded by american country music artists kenny rogers and dottie west .
ca n't get this stuff no more is a song by american hard rock band van halen .
diamond is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist julian austin .
 show me how to live is a song by american hard rock band audioslave .
 today i 'm gon na try and change the world is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist johnny reid .
i 'll be your baby tonig is a song written and recorded by american country music artist bob dylan .
motherfucker is a song by american hip hop band faith no more .
do n't make me beg is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve holy .
yonkers is a song by english horrorcore artist tyler , released as the lead single from his debut studio album goblin ( 2011 ) .
the death of you and me is a song written by noel gallagher and dave sardy , and performed by american baroque rock band noel garagher 's high flying birds .
santa 's coming for us is a christmas song performed by american singer sia .
watch out is a song by english trance singer ferry corsten from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
no sleep tonight is a song by australian alternative rock band enter shikari .
september song is a song by american record producer jp cooper from his debut studio album , raised under grey skies ( 2016 ) .
like whoa is a song by american singer aly aj from her second studio album insomniatic ( 2008 ) .
next love is a song recorded by american singer deniece williams .
a gunshot to the head of trepidation is a song by american metalcore band trivium .
s into the fire is a song recorded by american singer asking alexandria for her third studio album , recording alex and released on september 21 , 2017 , as the third single from her eighth studio album ( 2017 ) .
crossroads is a song by american singer-songwriter don mclean written by mclean with ed freeman and produced by freeman .
 promise me is a 1989 song by english singer-songwriter beverley craven .
 statuesque is a song by sleeper and is the lead track on their debut studio album it girl ( 1996 ) .
 friends is a song recorded by american singer marshmello and songwriter anne-marie .
all about you is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1980 album , emotional rescue .
 başka bahar ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by işın karaca , and the main theme song from the german film anadilim aşk .
songs by american singer sophie ellis-bextor is the second song from her second studio album , read my lips ( 2002 ) .
sick again is a song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin featured on their 1975 album , physical graffiti .
in my dreams is a song by english glam rock band wig wam .
real fine place to star is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sara evans .
jaiye jaiye ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american recording artist wizkid from his debut studio album ayo ( 2013 ) .
sometimes it hurts is a song by australian hip hop band stabbing westward .
no tengo dinero ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by juan gabriel which hit no .
lola is a 1970 song by the kinks featured on their album lola versus powerman and the moneygoround .
 hello , i must be going is a world war i song written by bert kalmar and harry ruby , and performed by groucho marx .
 twist of love is a song by british country denmark .
 backyard party is a song by r bsoul singer-songwriter r. kelly from her debut studio album , the buffet ( 2015 ) .
i am house is a song by crystal waters and featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter sted-e hybrid heights .
l 's stick together is a song by r b singer wilbert harrison and written by harrison with bobby robinson .
jul , jul and strålande ju is a christmas song written by edvard evers and produced by gustaf nordqvist .
dear gorgeous is a song by american rock band republica .
loverin ' you against my wi is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
selling jesus is a song by american punk rock band skunk anansie .
uh ready nuh ready is a dancehall song by american rapper calvin harris from his third studio album , partynextdoor ( 2018 ) .
my for me is a song by rod stewart and linda mccartney .
the pretty things are going to he is a song by australian singer-songwriter david bowie .
i am what i am is a song by american disco band village people and is the lead track on their debut album macho man ( 1978 ) .
the house of the rising sun is a song by the american rock band the animals featured on their debut album the animals in 1964 .
so far away is a song by avenged sevenfold from their sixth studio album , nightmare ( 2011 ) .
if 6 was 9 was a song by english singer-songwriter jimi hendrix experience .
it started all over again is a song written by gerry goffin and jack keller and performed by american teenage singer brenda lee .
never one of us is a hit song performed by r b singer gladys knight the pips and written by jim weatherly , and recorded by american singer-songwriter joe pips .
thank you is a song by american singer estelle from her debut studio album all of me ( 2011 ) .
 gee baby is a 1959 song first recorded by american teenage singer joe ann .
the lamb lies down on broadway is a song by the american progressive rock band genesis .
nightingale is a song by american singer carole king and written by king with david palmer .
working in the coal mine is a song written by allen toussaint and marshall sehorn , and recorded by r b singer-songwriter lee dorsey .
 forever & always is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
no you girls is a song by american indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her debut studio album , tonight fran ferdinand ( 2008 ) .
one small miracle is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bryan white .
if you is a song by american rock band big bang .
 ruby soho is a song by american punk rock band rancid that was released on november 3 , 1995 .
 ne partez pas sans moi ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by nella martinettiatilla and incognito and performed by american singer celine dion .
shear the land is a 1970 song by the guess who on motown records ' tamla label .
six o'clock is a song by english singer-songwriter ringo starr written by mccartney with linda mcccartney and produced by richard perry .
never going nowhere is a song recorded by american singer gabrielle .
dear world is a song by australian alternative rock band cold .
hang on to your life is a 1970 song by the guess who on motown records ' tamla label .
come closer is a song and single written by chris andrews and performed by american teenage singer eddie rambeau .
ca n't you hear my heartbea is a song written by john carter and ken lewis , and recorded by english rock band herman 's hermits .
cold fire is a song by the american hard rock band rush .
once bitten , twice shy is a song by english singer-songwriter ian hunter written by hunter with mick ronson and produced by micky nelson .
 rachel is a 1970 song by australian singer rachel .
cactus is a song by american alternative rock band pixies featured on their 1988 album surfer rosa .
old man & me is a song by american roots rock band hootie the blowfish and is the lead track on their 1996 album fairweather johnson .
give me back my man is a song by american rock band the b-52 's featured on their 1980 album wild planet .
the beginning is a song by the american rock band seal .
why 'd you come in here lookin ' like is a song written by bob carlisle and randy thomas , and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
another time is a song by american singer annaleigh ashford .
he 's simple , he 's dumb , he and he is a song by english indie rock band grandaddy .
s sexy mama is a dance-pop song by american singer iyanya from her debut studio album desire ( 2013 ) .
you babe is a 1988 song by debarge , included in the album bad boys .
step back in time is a 1990 song by american singer kylie minogue .
s is a song by the american alternative rock band placebo .
the hunter is a song by american glam rock band dokken that was first released on december 10 , 1985 .
s sad lookin ' moon is a song written by greg fowler , teddy gentry and randy owen , and recorded by american country music alabama .
 for you is a song by american nu metal band staind .
you are unstoppable is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter conchita wurst .
every night is a 1970 song by paul mccartney .
brit it on me is a song by american singer-songwriter george ezra .
 respire ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer mickey 3d .
big bang baby is a song by the american rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 1996 on the soundtrack to the group 's 1996 album tiny music .
real men is a song written by joe jackson , and recorded by american r b singer joejackson .
the way the wind blows is a song written by tim o'brien , and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .
save you is a song by american hard rock band screaming trees that first appeared in 1992 on the soundtrack to their 1992 album sweet oblivion .
come on is a 1961 ricky nelson song first recorded by chuck berry .
all that i 've got is a 1970 r b song by billy preston and doris troy .
song for another time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band old dominion .
young again is a song by british record producer hardwell from his debut studio album united we are ( 2014 ) .
kona ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by afropop recording artist mafikizolo released on january 10 , 2013 , as the first single from her eighth studio album reunited .
winter is a song by irish rock band u2 .
burden in my hand is a song by american rock band soundgarden .
this everyday love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts .
young turks is a song by american musician rod stewart written by stewart with carmine appice and duane hitchings , and recorded by stewarte for his 1981 album tonight i 'm yours .
tta my syste ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist bow wow from his second studio album , the price of fame ( 2006 ) .
 rock your body is a song by american r b singer justin timberlake .
l chant des sirènes ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by fréro delavega and jérémy frérot .
if bubba can dance is a song recorded by american country music artist shenandoah .
train on a track is a song recorded by american singer kelly rowland , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , simply deep ( 2003 ) .
strong is a song by american singer mandisa from her debut studio album what if we were real ( 2011 ) .
the lord loves the drinkin ' man is a song written by kevin fowler , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
retox is a song by american rapper fatboy slim from his second studio album halfway between the gutter and the stars ( 2002 ) .
you the boss is a song by american rapper rick ross from his debut album october 7 , 2011 .
modern woman is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel from her 1986 album the bridge .
 almeno tu nell ` universo ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1989 song composed by bruno lauzi and maurizio fabrizio and performed by american singer mia martini .
black spiderman is a song by american hip hop recording artist logic , featuring rapper damian lemar hudson , from his debut album everybody ( 2017 ) .
she 's gon na make i is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
joy is a 1992 song by françois feldman , included in the album magic boul ` vard .
the sound of goodbye is a song written by hugh prestwood , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
same hear is a song by mei finegold , and the main theme song from the film the rainbow .
dear is a song by the darkness from their second album , one way ticket to hell ( 2005 ) .
lazy 's forget about i is a song by american singer lisa loeb and nine stories .
lady godiva 's roo is a song written by mick hucknall 1 and recorded by american singer-songwriter simply red .
do it for your lover is a song by english singer-songwriter manel navarro .
the sun 's on us is a song recorded by american singer sophie ellis-bextor .
can we still be friends is a song by american musician todd rundgren .
just like the weather is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist suzy bogguss .
loyal is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , x ( 2014 ) .
so , vilken härlig dag is a song written by kenneth gärdestad and ted gädestad , and recorded by american singer-songwriter ted nelson and released on february 1973 .
 savior is a song by american punk rock band rise against .
me gusta ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer inna for her eighth studio album , inna ( 2018 ) .
it up and wear it ou is a song by odyssey that was first released on 1980 .
back on top is a song by van morrison from his 1999 album back on top .
tears dry on their own is a song by american singer amy winehouse from her second studio album back to black ( 2007 ) .
 natalie 's rap 2 is a song by american hip hop recording artist the lonely island , featuring rapper natalie portman , from her third studio album , lonely island ( 2018 ) .
the right to go insane is a song by american thrash metal band megadeth that was released on april 9 , 2010 .
two of a kind , workin ' on a kind is a song written by dennis robbins , bobby boyd and warren dale haynes , and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .
do you love me is a song by american alternative rock band garbage .
the singer sang his song on march 1968 , composed by barry and robin maurice gibb and performed by american baroque singer bee gees .
 youth is a song recorded by american singer shawn mendes and featuring rapper khalid .
be mine is a song by american electronic group david gray , released as the third single from their third studio album , a new day at midnight .
s sadie is a song recorded by american r b band the spinners and released as the b-side to the group 's `` lazy susan '' single on april 3 , 1975 .
take your time is a song written by ronnie van zanted king , and recorded by american country music artist lynyrd skynyrd .
no reason is a song by american grinspoon that was first released on 20 september 2002 .
in dreams is a song written by roy orbison and fred foster , and recorded by orbison for his 1963 studio album in dreams .
sway and sand is a song and single written by pete townshend and carson but better known in the a-side version by the who .
what i want is a song by the american rock band dead or alive .
girls like you is a song by american rock band maroon 5 and featuring vocals from american singer cardi b .
when the wind blows is a song by american country music artist david bowie .
the dots is a song by american rock band new found glory from their debut album , kill it live ( 2013 ) .
sway of eight is a 1989 song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
i trust you with my hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt which hit november 30 , 1992 , as the lead single from his 1992 studio album t-r-o-u-b-l-e .
he 's a rocker is a song by english rock band the vines featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2008 in music ) .
 harry truman is a song written by robert lamm and james william guercio and performed by american rock band chicago .
night is a song written by bruce springsteen and jon landau .
dear on the bottle is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist david lee murphy .
wine me up is a song written by faron young and billy deaton , and recorded by american country music artist Faron young .
juntos ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by juanes .
angel eyes is a song by american singer-songwriter jerry cantrell from his second studio album , degradation trip ( 2002 ) .
cold war is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter tori amos .
i wish the phone would ring is a song by american hip hop artist exposé .
angel is a song by american rock band eurythmics and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1990 ) .
flashdance is a song by american deep dish that was first released on 8 november 2004 .
i have a dream is a song recorded by abba for their 1979 album voulez-vous .
cañ ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer carole king , first released as a b-side on 1973 .
sinner is a song by neil finn from his debut album , try whistling this ( 1998 ) .
carousel is a song by american singer melanie martinez from her debut studio album dollhouse epandcry baby ( 2014 ) .
tatuta tuta ta ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by american electronic group pin-occhio .
 candle is a song by australian singer-songwriter guy sebastian from his debut studio album part 1 ( 2016 ) .
swayin ' with my eyes closed is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
take me down is a song written by mark gray and j.p. pennington , and recorded by american country music singer alabama .
i love you is a song written by jay livingston and ray evans , and performed by american teenage singer shirley bassey .
i wan na dance with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
do n't stand so close to me is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album zenyatta mondatta in 1980 .
a beautiful morning is a song written by felix cavaliere and eddie brigati and performed by the rascals .
my mistakes is a song by english grime recording artist wiley , featuring british vocals from wiley and little dee .
lip is a 1999 song by the american rock band rocket from the crypt .
i care 4 u is a song by american singer aaliyah .
tiempo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by mexican pop group erreway .
the legend of bonnie and clyde is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artists merle haggard and the strangers .
 scream if you wan na go faster is a song by american singer geri halliwell .
everything is beautifu is a 1970 song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ray stevens .
 merry is a 1990 song by american rock band magnapop .
mother is a 1970 song by john lennon and yoko ono band .
 infinite is a song by american rapper notaker from her debut studio album , monstercat 027 -- cataclysm ( 2016 ) .
tarantula is a song by english stoner rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
not a little bi is a song by american singer k. michelle from her debut studio album more issues than vogue ( 2015 ) .
p o hoppa ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer frida muranius , featuring rapper sam persson , from her debut studio album , headline ( 2008 ) .
my told me is a song by american rock band the killers featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 gemini feed is a song by american electronic group banks .
dear 42 is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their sixth studio album viva la vida or death and all his friends .
take my love is a song by english glam rock band bizarre inc , featuring singer-songwriter angie brown , from their 1992 album energique .
i cried a tear is a 1958 r b song first recorded by lavern baker .
 wish you were here is a song by american alternative rock band incubus .
if it were n't for hi is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill with rosanne cash .
 into the light is a song by american power metal band rage .
stop for a minute is a song by american glam rock band sandra .
my train is a 1953 r b song by little junior 's blue flames on motown records ' tamla label .
right here right now is a song by bwo from their third studio album , big science ( 2009 ) .
mamma knows bes is a song recorded by american singer jessie j .
fire is a song by australian glam rock band kasabian .
line is a song by australian electronic dance artist triana park from her third studio album , eurovision ( 2018 ) .
when i find love again is a song by american singer-songwriter james blunt .
lucy is a song written by neil hannon and william wordsworth , and recorded by american rock band the divine comedy .
sway my hear is a song recorded by japanese recording artist every little thing .
never again is a song by english glam rock singer kelly clarkson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
on our side is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
i go crazy is a song by the american rock band flesh for lulu .
sun sundae smile is a song by english indie rock band my bloody valentine .
pop song is a 1989 song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian .
david watts is a song by the kinks featured on their 1967 album something else .
 into another is a song by skid row that was first released on 4 september 1995 .
country road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist james taylor which hit no .
 electric body is a song by american hip hop recording artist asap rocky , featuring rapper schoolboy q , from his debut studio album at .
 grace like rain is a song by american christian singer-songwriter todd agnew from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
daydreamer is a song by english drum and bass band flux pavilion released on 14 march 2012 , as the lead single from their debut album , example ( 2012 ) .
stephenville , tx ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american indie rock band jewel .
s set the world on fire is a song recorded by e-type and released as the third single from their 1994 album , made in sweden .
lover in white is a song by english singer shane filan from her debut studio album , love always ( 2006 ) .
run is a song by american hard rock band foo fighters from their third studio album , concrete and gold ( 2017 ) .
the world i know is a song by american soul band collective soul .
josie is a song by steely dan and is the lead track on the band 's debut album aja ( 1978 ) .
 jaiko ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist eiko shimamiya for her debut studio album , october 27 , 2013 .
 audition day is a song by nanna øland fabricius , and the main theme song from the german film fauna .
 ta fête ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american record producer stromae from her debut studio album racine carrée ( 2014 ) .
a sort of homecoming is a song by irish rock band u2 .
the game of love is a song by english glam rock band wayne fontana and the mindbenders featured on their 1965 album the game .
shon on is a dance-pop song by american singer r.i.o .
99.9 % sure is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brian mccomas .
one love is a song recorded by singer carola häggkvist , andreas johnson , released as a single on 20 february 2008 .
dance-moi is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her second studio album avant que l'ombre ( 2006 ) .
so over you is a song by english singer paulini from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
back up is a song by american hip hop recording artist snoop dogg from her debut studio album , beach city ( 2015 ) .
fast as a shark is a song by the american speed metal band accept .
home is a song by american alternative rock band goo goo dolls featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
hide & seek is a song recorded by japanese recording artist tohoshinki for her eighth studio album , tree ( 2014 ) .
jag ser dig is a song by australian alternative rock band kent .
i 'm a one-woman man is a song written by tillman franks and johnny horton , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
baby is a song by american glam rock band siouxsie and the banshees featured on their 1994 album the rapture .
in these arms is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
i 'm to blame is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kip moore .
 808 is a song by american hip hop recording artist blaque .
the boy with the thorn in his side is a song by american alternative rock band the smiths featured on their 1985 album the queen is dead .
here we are is a song written by beth nielsen chapmanvince gill , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
ca n'finira jamais ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer johnny hallyday , released as the third single from her tenth studio album ( 2008 ) .
free is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
flowers on the wa is a song written by lew dewitt and frank jones , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
mina minnen is a song by american singer shirley clamp .
one more last chance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit no .
hedonism is a song by american alternative rock band skunk anansie .
 chegaste ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song from mexican pop duo roberto carlos and jennifer lopez .
i 'll be loving you is a 1989 r b song by american hip hop group new kids on the block .
l'amore che conta ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by giorgia from her debut studio album dietro le apparenze ( 2011 ) .
miss decibel is a song written by lasse holm and gert lengstrand , and recorded by wizex .
step into my world is a song by the british new wave and rock band hurricane # 1 .
dear sedan delivery is a song written by neil young , and recorded by american country music artist neils young .
i may never get to heaven is a song written by bill andersonbuddy killen , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
i 'm so sick is a song by american nu metal band flyleaf from their second album , flyleaf ( 2006 ) .
jigsaw falling into place is a song by american alternative rock band radiohead from their third studio album in rainbows .
 aubrey is a song by the american hard rock band bread .
hey boy is a song by american hip hop recording artist teddybears released on 10 may 2004 , as the third single from his eighth studio album , fresh ( 2004 ) .
right right now now is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys from their second album , to the 5 boroughs ( 2004 ) .
dance me to the end of love is a song by american jazz artist leonard cohen .
cool change is a song by american rock band little river band and is the lead track on their debut album first under the wire .
show me the way is a song by american glam rock band styx .
coldblooded is a song by james brown from his 1974 album hell .
 uh mamma ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a dance-pop song by american recording artist banaroo from her second studio album amazing ( 2006 ) .
no angel is a song by american singer-songwriter birdy .
lover do n't live here is a dance-pop song by american band bananarama .
sway is a song by sleeper that was first released on 31 january 1994 .
car girl is a song by english singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her debut studio album , seventh tree ( 2008 ) .
p primrose lane is a song written by wayne shanklin and george callender , and recorded by american country music artist jerry wallace .
 gon na give her all the love i 've is a hit song performed by r b singer jimmy ruffin and written by whitfield with barrett strong .
little bit of luck is a 1999 song by english garage rock band dj luck mc neat .
blues run the game is a song by american singer-songwriter jackson c. frank .
new freezer is a song by american rapper rich the kid from his third studio album , the world is yours ( 2017 ) .
 upside down is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2006 in music ) .
you love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john mayer , featuring rapper katy perry , from his debut studio album paradise valley ( 2013 ) .
sleep tonig is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1986 album , dirty work .
lollipop luxury is a song by estonian singer-songwriter jeffree star from her debut studio album , cupcakes taste like violence ( 2008 ) .
just for one day is a song by american record producer david guetta vs. british record producer joachim garraud .
we 're ready is a song by american hard rock band boston .
kunta ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .
honeycomb is a song written by bob merrill and composed by merrill with Bob merrill .
that 's how you know when love 's rig is a song written by craig bickhard and steve wariner , and recorded by american country music artist nicolette larson .
this way is a song by english singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , born this way ( 2011 ) .
unsubway is a song by american singer mika from her debut studio album , the origin of love ( 2012 ) .
perfect day is a song by american rapper jim jones from his debut album , capo ( 2010 ) .
i 'm an individua ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by robert alexander brown and mark `` jacko '' jackson , and performed by american singer-songwriter mark `` jon `` jackson .
daydreams about night things is a song written by john schweers and jack d. johnson , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
w-parser-output is a song by american electronic group linkin park from their debut studio album , living things ( 2012 ) .
honest is a song by american hip hop band the chainsmokers from their third studio album , memories ( 2017 ) .
ob-la-di , ob-la n't forget about you is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
 narcos ( `` narcos '' ) is a song by american recording artist migos from her third studio album culture ii ( 2018 ) .
here we go is a song written by warren morgan and george young , and recorded by american singer john paul young .
i wan na make you my lady is a song written by ted gärdestadkenneth and ken holden , and recorded by american singer mark holden .
for tomorrow is a song by the british new wave and rock band blur .
 up with the birds is a song by english drum and bass band coldplay from their debut album mylo xyloto ( 2012 ) .
mother and father is a song by english singer and songwriter madonna .
wendy is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
21st century is a song by the american rock band bad religion .
violet is a song by american alternative rock band hole .
keep back is a song recorded by american recording artist gucci mane , featuring rapper lil pump , from his third studio album , evil genius ( 2018 ) .
my bra is a song recorded by american singer mýa for her seventh studio album , matters of life and dating ( 2007 ) .
i n't got far to go is a song by american singer jess glynne from her debut studio album i cry when i laugh ( 2016 ) .
all for the love of sunshine is a song written by mike curb , harley hatcher and lalo schifrin and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
 honestly is a song by australian singer-songwriter zwan .
shut up is a song by australian eurodance band sin with sebastian .
lazy u r is a song recorded by american singer deborah cox , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album the promise ( 2008 ) .
top of the pops is a song by american glam rock band the smithereens featured on their 1991 album blow up .
hangover tonig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
too much is a 1989 song by american rock band bros .
when a blind man cries is a song by the american rock band deep purple .
lover is blindness is a song by irish rock band u2 .
outbound plane is a song written by nanci griffithtom russell and recorded by american country music artist suzy bogguss .
turn my head is a song by the american alternative rock band live .
 french kiss is a 1989 song by lil louis .
only thinking is a song by english glam rock band mi-sex , released as the lead single from their debut album where do they go ? .
a new year is a song recorded by american singer annaleigh ashford , featuring rapper jeff talbott , from her debut studio album , new york city ( 2015 ) .
it 's possible is a song by american glam rock band roxette from their debut studio album , travelling ( 2012 ) .
do n't go near the water is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1971 album surf 's up .
party is a song by american singer chris brown from his debut studio album , heartbreak on a full moon ( 2016 ) .
you 'll never be sorry is a song written by david bellamy , howard bellamy and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
home now is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
i 'll show you is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album , purpose ( 2015 ) .
stupid hoe is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2011 ) .
kiss by kiss is a song written by douglas carr , pär lönn and allan dennis rich and recorded by american singer emilia rydberg .
fly away is a song by american rapper lenny kravitz .
over and over is a song recorded by japanese recording artist every little thing .
train in life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody which hit no .
sia furlertimothy mckenziethomas wesley pentzipholabrinthjr is a song by american electronic group lsd .
 attitude adjustment is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
save me is a song by american singer aimee mann .
ddose of rock 'n' ro is a song by english singer-songwriter ringo starr .
old age is a song by american alternative rock band hole ) , released on ) january 1995 as the lead single from the band 's sixth studio album , beautiful son '' .
do your thing is a song recorded by american r b band 7 mile .
evilmainya is a song by american singer grace jones .
 chained is a song by english indie rock band the xx from their debut album coexist .
made it back is a song by american r b singer beverley knight , featuring rapper redman , from her 1998 album prodigal sista .
outside is a song by american singer george michael .
a.d. is a song by american hip hop recording artist killer mike .
sun is a song by bobby hebb and is the lead track on his debut studio album sunny ( 1966 ) .
världens lyckligaste par is a song written by christer ericsson and recorded by american singer lasse stefanz .
 velocity girl is a song by the american rock band primal scream .
ca n't get the best of me is a song by american hip hop band cypress hill .
tootsee ro ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop group 69 boyz .
i need you is a song by the kinks featured on their 1965 album `` set me free '' .
this is the day is a song by american hip hop artist ivy .
i n't mad at cha ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2pac from his 1996 album all eyez on me .
say it rig is a song recorded by american singer nelly furtado and released as the second single from his tenth studio album , loose ( 2006 ) .
winner is a song by the german eurovision song systems in blue .
 panic station is a song by american funk band muse .
i want her is a song by australian singer keith sweat .
wait for the worms is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 30 november 1979 .
every little kiss is a song recorded by american r b group and the range .
dead man walking is a song by american singer-songwriter david bowie .
sway me when is a song by the human league that was first released on 26 december 1994 .
giddy up is a song by american singer fe .
guitars , cadillacs is a song written by dwight yoakam , and recorded by american country music artist dwightyoakam .
s sunglasses is a song by british singer divine brown from her debut studio album , the love chronicles ( 2009 ) .
do n't bring flowers is a song by american singer erik hassle .
we got ta get you a woman is a 1970 song first recorded by todd rundgren .
shakedown cruise is a song by jay ferguson and ed mashal .
the last worthless evening is a 1989 song by american singer-songwriter don henley .
city girl is a song by australian alternative rock singer-songwriter kevin shields from his second studio album , lost in translation ( 2002 ) .
s salvation is a 1999 song by american singer roxette from her second studio album , have a nice day .
 mexican fender is a song by american rock band weezer from their third studio album , pacific daydream ( 2017 ) .
not given lightly is a 1989 song by english indie rock singer chris knox .
the distance between us is a song written by per øystein sørensen , rune kristoffersen and morten sjøberg and recorded by fra lippo lippi .
wake up is a song by american rapper fetty wap .
it true is a song written by carter lewis and mickie most , and recorded by american teenage singer brenda lee .
i 'm that kind of girl is a song written by matraca berg ronnie samoset , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .
down by the water is a song by english singer-songwriter pj harvey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 1994 ) .
shine is a song written by waylon jennings , and recorded by american country music artist waylon .
it 's all about u is a song recorded by american recording artist swv .
flowers are red is a song by harry chapin , included in the album living room suite .
what she do n't know wo n't hurt her is a song written by david lindsey and ernie rowell , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .
only my heart calling is a 1989 song by australian singer margaret urlich .
worble life blues is a song by american r b singer big maceo .
watching you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney atkins .
 hello there is a song by the american hard rock band cheap trick that first appeared in 1977 on the soundtrack to the band 's debut album in color .
dear and deeper is a song by american singer madonna from her 1992 album erotica .
you 're in love with a psycho is a song by argentine alternative rock band kasabian .
just around the riverbend is a song written for the brandon lee movie pocahontas produced by walt disney .
in a parade is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
somed when things are good is a song written by merle haggard and ray baker , and recorded by american country music artist merle .
 rigor mortis is a song by r b group cameo .
s morbid is a 2001 song by necro from their second album gory days .
say goodbye is a 1999 song by the american eurodancetrance band la cream , included in the album sound vision .
all i can do is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
soul and fire is a song by american indie rock band sebadoh .
ca abandonné is a song written by lucien crémadèsémile wandelmerber and `` jossy-ann '' and performed by group gold .
the girl ca n't help it is a song and single written by bobby troup and performed by american teenage singer little richard .
this world is a song by american r b singer selah sue from her debut studio album sela sue ( 2011 ) .
channel 42 is a song by english duo deadmau5 and wolfgang gartner .
trouble me is a 1989 song by american rock band 10,000 maniacs .
here we go again is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato .
save our love is a song by the american rock band eternal , released on 4 january 1994 as the second single from their eighth studio album always forever .
18 and life is a 1989 song by skid row that was first released as a b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on june 16 , 1989 .
dear lady is a song by american r bsoul singer tyrese .
lover her go is a song by american singer-songwriter passenger .
death of a clown is a song written by dave davies and ray davisies , and recorded by american rock and roll band dave .
 när jag blundar ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed in finland by pernilla karlsson .
iwa savage is a song by american recording artist tiwa savage from her debut studio album once upon a time ( 2013 ) .
sway like an egyptian is a song written by liam sternberg , and recorded by american glam rock band the bangles .
good clean fun is a song written by michael nesmith , and recorded by american country music group the monkees .
sien seulement je pouvais lui manquer ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by calogero from their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
never had a lot to lose is a song by australian glam rock band cheap trick .
you 're getting to be a habit with me is a world war i song written by al dubin and composed by harry warren .
 andy warhol is a 1971 song by david bowie , included in the album hunky dory .
red lips is a song by american glam rock band sky ferreira from her debut studio album , ghost ( 2012 ) .
i tie is a song performed by estonian singer maija vilkkumaa 2 .
many a long and lonesome highway is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney crowell .
ing myself is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , the pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
hey mama is a song by american rapper kanye west from his second studio album , late registration ( 2005 ) .
pull punches is a song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian .
almost made ya is a song by american rapper ali gipp , featuring guest vocals from american singer letoya luckett , from her third studio album , kinfolk ( 2007 ) .
i want you is a song by australian electronic group savage garden from their sixth album , savage garden ( 1996 ) .
dúdate mujer ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer david bisbal .
your body is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her debut studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .
50 song memoir is a song by english indie rock band the magnetic fields released on march 10 , 2017 ( ) .
what much love is a song by american rock band survivor .
you belong to me is a song written by billy rose and lee david , and performed by irving kaufman .
lazy teardrops is a song and single written by berry gordyroquel and jackie wilson , and performed by american teenage singer , jannie wilson .
hallelujah ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
that road tonig is a song written by jeff hannajosh leowendy waldman , and recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
she 's a superstar is a song recorded by the verve and released as the b-side to the group 's `` feel '' single on 22 june 1992 .
sun is a song written by ken hensley and perry bron , and recorded by american singer uriah heep .
lover me is a song recorded by american rapper lil wayne , featuring rapper drake and future .
time is a song by english alternative metal band o.torvald .
i only want to be with you is a song written by mike hawker and ivor raymonde and performed by dusty springfield .
i will remember is a song recorded by columbia pop group toto .
honey i dare you is a song written by david jenkinsstu cookjohn mcfeedave gibsoncraig karp , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
steel and glass is a song written by john lennon , and recorded by american singer-songwriter johnlennon .
la con me ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by eros ramazzotti and claudio guidetti and is the main theme song from his eighth studio album ali e radici ( 2009 ) .
pagan lovesong is a song by virgin prunes that was first released on 30 april 1982 .
then you can come back to me is a world war i song in the style of a march .
give me a reason is a song by american glam rock band the corrs featured on their 2000 album in blue .
 sweet ' 69 is a song by american punk rock band babes in toyland .
the people that we love is a song by american rock band bush .
strange days is a song by the doors featured on their 1967 album strange days .
sword of damocles is a song by american singer rufus wainwright from his eighth studio album october 2018 .
fire on babylon is a song by american singer sinéad o'connor .
brother is a song by american singer alice in chains from her 1992 album , sap .
my love is a song written by mark e. nevin , and recorded by american rock band fairground attraction .
i was here is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 ( 2007 ) .
lover is a song by a fine frenzy , and the main theme song from the band 's sixth studio album , one cell in the sea .
ca circumstances is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
moustache is a song by france and is the main theme song of the eurovision song contest 2001 , performed in english by twin twin .
 numb is a song by english electronic group usher , released as the third single from their debut studio album , looking 4 myself ( 2012 ) .
break the ice is a song recorded by american singer britney spears , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , blackout ( 2008 ) .
keep it hot is a song recorded by american singer cheryl lynn and written by lynn with george bryant .
the real thing is a song recorded by the german eurodance band 2 unlimited , credited to phil wildepeter bauwensray and released as the b-side to the group 's `` real thing '' single on may 1994 .
 mansion over the hilltop is a song written by ira stanphill and elvis presley .
dance 333 is a song by american punk rock band against me ! from their debut album , shape shift with me ( 2015 ) .
 headlights is a song by english indie rock band cat power , released in 1993 as the lead single from their third studio album , dear sir .
i 've got nothing is a song by chartjackers which was released on 9 november 2009 .
keep this fire burning is a song recorded by the american new wave and synth-pop band n .
do n't leave me this way is a song performed by american r b singer harold melvin the blue notes and written by gamble huff and cary gilbert .
your disco needs you is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her 2001 album light years .
dear days is a song by american singer-songwriter david bowie from his debut album , ★ ( 2015 ) .
never knew love is a song recorded by american singer rick astley .
7 years is a song by american singer lukas graham from his debut studio album , lukadas graham ( 2015 ) .
danger is a song by american hip hop recording artist busta rhymes .
cryin ' again is a song written by rafe vanhoy and don cook , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
crumblin ' down is a song written and performed by john cougar mellencamp .
good vibrations is a song by american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1966 album october 10 , 1966 .
st of independence is a song by american electronic group jon vangelis .
mouth is a song by english bush and is the lead track on their 1996 album razorblade suitcase .
the cool in you is a song by american recording artist face .
state of grace is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift from her debut studio album , red ( 2012 ) .
should n't it be easier than this is a song written by rick gilesjohn jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
next year is a 2000 song by american rock band foo fighters from their second album there is nothing left to lose .
if you want to sing out , sing ou is a song by english singer-songwriter cat stevens from her debut solo album footsteps in the dark greatest hits , vol .
the audience is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her second studio album , duty ( 2000 ) .
quark , strangeness and charm is a song by american space rock band hawkwind that was first released on 29 july 1977 .
never be like you is a song by american drum and bass band flume , featuring british singer kai .
bloodclot is a song by the american rock band rancid .
somew tonig is a song written by harlan howard and rodney crowell , and recorded by american country music group highway 101 .
cain ' back to me is a song by american psychedelic rock band jefferson airplane .
 antecedentes de culpa ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group alfredo olivas released on 17 november 2017 .
the ways of a woman in love is a song written by bill justis and charlie rich 1 , and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash and the tennessee two .
drive is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .
the great wide open is a song by american rock group tom petty and the heartbreakers .
sink back the river is a song written by clark/cunningham and perry pellow , and recorded by american rock band wet wet wet .
lover madonna is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
 redeemed is a song by american christian rock band big daddy weave .
 promises is a song by australian christian real , released as the lead single from the band 's debut album , run ( 2012 ) .
i am is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessica andrews .
spread your love is a song by 2 unlimited that was first released on june 1996 .
lover is a song by american singer gavin degraw from his debut studio album , sweeter ( 2011 ) .
s supersonics is a song by the american hard rock band the presidents of the united states of america .
i 'll let you slide is a song by r b singer luther vandross and r b group busy body .
next to me is a song by american singer emeli sandé from her debut studio album our version of events ( 2012 ) .
3 words is a dance-pop song by american singer cheryl cole from her debut studio album 3 words ( 2009 ) .
life during wartime is a song by american new wave and funk band talking heads featured on their debut album fear of music and released in 1982 .
dear love is a song by american drum and bass artist wilkinson from her debut studio album lazers ( 2014 ) .
dear you ou is a song by american rock band nickelback that was released on december 2 , 2003 .
happy days is a song by american singer brooke candy from her debut studio album , broke candy ( 2016 ) .
she 's my ex is a 1989 song by american punk rock band all .
come with me is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter ricky martin , released as the lead single from his debut studio album , new south wales ( 2013 ) .
 gone is a song by american recording artist nsync .
another day in paradise is a 1989 song by english singer-songwriter phil collins .
freedom is a song by american electronic group sugababes .
i 'm on my way is a song written by craig reidcharlie reid and pete wingfield , and recorded by the proclaimers .
do n't go away is a song by english rock band oasis from their second studio album be here now .
save the world is a song written by george harrison and ray cooper , and recorded by american rock and roll singer-songwriter harrison .
lover touc is a song written by gene black , michael chapman and holly knight , and recorded by american singer rod stewart .
some days you got ta dance is a song written by troy johnsonmarshall morgan , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
bitter lullaby is a song written by josefin glenmarkmärta grauers , and recorded by australian singer martin almgren .
onence again is a song by american hip hop recording artist a tribe called quest .
s supervixen is a song by american alternative rock band garbage .
 harmony in my head is a song by buzzcocks that was first released on 13 july 1979 .
on top of the world is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter edsilia rombley , released as the third single from her debut studio album netherlands ( 2011 ) .
you say is a song by american singer-songwriter lauren daigle from her third studio album , look up child ( 2018 ) .
in another 's eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trisha yearwood with garth brooks .
songs by american singer brenda russell from her 1988 album , get here .
radiourgery is a song by new found glory from their debut album radiosurgery ( 2011 ) .
 mercy is a song by british alternative rock band muse .
trouble sleeping is a song by english singer-songwriter corinne bailey rae from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
darte un beso ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by american singer-songwriter prince royce .
ca n't get over is a dance-pop song by september from their sixth studio album , dancing shoesandseptember ( 2007 ) .
sway the weed is a song by american recording artist snoop lion from his debut album reincarnated ( 2013 ) .
too much is a song written by lee roy parnell and guy clark , and recorded by american country music band pirates of the mississippi .
back to december is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift which hit november 15 , 2010 .
if you could only see me now is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
lover us begin is a song by john denver , first released as a b-side on june 1986 .
the fletcher memorial home is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 21 march 1983 .
my lady is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on their debut album seventh sojourn .
 cyprus avenue is a song by van morrison from her 1968 album astral weeks .
the nig ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a dance-pop song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , born this way ( 2011 ) .
long walk home is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his sixth studio album , magic ( 2007 ) .
my blue heaven is a world war i song composed by george a. whiting and the victor orchestra .
hot shot is a song by american singer karen young , written by andrew kahn and kurt borusiewicz and performed by young .
fantastic voyage is a song by american singer-songwriter david bowie .
silver springs is a song by stevie nicks , and the lead track on the album fleetwood mac .
i love her is a song written and performed by the beatles and written by john lennon and mccartney .
i do n't need no doctor is a song written by jo armstead , nick ashford and valerie simpson and performed by american r b singer ray charles .
from the bottom of my broken hear is a 1999 song by britney spears from her second studio album , ... baby one more time .
the last song is the sixth song of elton john 's debut studio album the one , which was released in 1992 .
luviolence is a song recorded by american singer lana del rey , featuring rapper-songwriter dan auerbach , from her debut studio album ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .
every other time is a song by australian glam rock band lfo .
burning in the skies is a song by american hip hop artist linkin park from her debut studio album a thousand suns ( 2011 ) .
come back to what you know is a song by the american rock band embrace .
by and by is a world war i song composed by charles albert tindley and composed by albert .
dear in the heart of texas is a song written by june hershey and ted weems and performed by american country music artist perry como .
the matador is a song written by don pfrimmer and bob morris , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .
say you love me is a song by american singer jessie ware from her debut studio album , tough love ( 2014 ) .
always be is a song recorded by australian singer kulcha .
vitamina ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a latin trapr b song by american singer maluma , featuring rapper arcángel , from her eighth studio album , maluma ( 2017 ) .
blood bound is a song by american hard rock band hammerfall from their second album , chapter v unbent ( 2005 ) .
sway is a song by american hip hop recording artist triple 8 .
burn down the mission is a 1970 song by elton john , included in the album tumbleweed connection .
secret land is a 1988 song by american glam rock band sandra .
this is it is a song by american singer melba moore .
that 's just about rig is a song written by jeff black , and recorded by american country music band blackhawk .
do n't let me be yours is a song recorded by american singer zara larsson from her third studio album , so good ( 2017 ) .
dem jeans is a song by american recording artist chingy , featuring rapper jermaine dupri , from her second studio album , hoodstar ( 2006 ) .
easy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sheryl crow .
songs of experience is a song by american singer nick carter from her debut studio album all american ( 2015 ) .
catch you is a song by australian singer sophie ellis-bextor from her debut studio album , trip the light fantastic ( 2007 ) .
mississippi is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist charlie daniels .
 california man is a song written by roy wood and jeff lynne , and recorded by english rock band the move .
when love comes around the bend is a song written by pam tillis , josh leo and mark wright , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .
cae des enfants ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by british pirate band cœur de pirate .
it will make me crazy is a song by english eurodancehouse singer felix .
strike it up is a song recorded by the german eurodance band black box .
s swords is a song by american singer m.i.a .
lover song is a song written by tatiana okupnik and paweł rurak-sokal and performed by poland singer poland .
it 's america is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney atkins .
brand new me is a song recorded by american singer alicia keys , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album girl on fire ( 2012 ) .
songs by american disco artist foxy .
 regret is a song by everything everything from their debut album , get to heaven ( 2015 ) .
shink , shine , shine and stay is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven which hit no .
all or nothing is a song by the american new wave band fiction factory that first appeared in 1984 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie throw the warped wheel .
voices of babylon is a 1989 song by the american rock band the outfield .
so right is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
swaying sun is a song by american singer-songwriter jerry cantrell from his third studio album , dark nights metal soundtrack ( 2018 ) .
papa do n't take no mess is a song by james brown from his 1974 album hell .
every breaks a glass is a song by australian electronic group lights , featuring british singer-songwriter holy fuck and shad .
desde cuándo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer alejandro sanz released on january 11 , 2010 , as the first single off his eighth studio album paraíso express ( 2010 ) .
tennessee ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper kevin rudolf .
head is a song by english singer-songwriter julian cope from her 1991 album peggy suicide .
 friends is a song by american electronic group justin bieber and bloodpop .
she 's getting serious is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas wade wayward .
lover of the free is a song by american hip hop artist joey bada $ $ .
my love go is a song recorded by american r bdance-pop singer jay sean , featuring guest vocals from sean paul , from his debut studio album , make my love go ( 2016 ) .
 fading lights is a song by the american new wave and progressive rock band genesis .
my liquor is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his debut studio album , yeezus ( 2013 ) .
hunt of the nig is a song written by richard pagesteve georgejohn langgeorge ghiz and performed by american country music artist mr. mister .
black widow is a song recorded by american singer iggy azalea , featuring rapper rita ora , from her debut studio album the new classic ( 2014 ) .
somed they 're coming home again is a world war i song written by harry hilbert and performed by hilerbert .
money trees is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar from his debut album good kid ( 2012 ) .
it 's only love is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter matt cardle from her debut studio album the fire ( 2012 ) .
come on get up is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the lead single from her second studio album all for you ( 2002 ) .
ca n't stop the spring is a song recorded by john waters and tommy moran , and released as the british entry in the eurovision song contest 2001 .
lover of new orleans is a song by american rock band jon bon jovi .
hame is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers which hit november 3 , 2001 .
lazy ride is a song by american rock group foghat .
no time to lose is a song by american rock group tarney and trevor spencer band .
 remedy ( english : `` andrew haasalma gudmundsdottralessandro '' ) is a song by alesso and is the first song of his eighth studio album , 31 august 2018 .
sick city is a song by elton john and bernie taupin .
we are all on drugs is a song by american alternative rock band weezer from their second album , make believe ( 2005 ) .
fix you is a song by english rock band coldplay from their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
wildwood days is a song and single written by kal mann dave appell and performed by rydell .
i wo n't be the one to let go is a song recorded by barbra streisand and barry manilow and released as a duets on november 4 , 2002 .
hello operator is a 2000 song by the white stripes from their second album de stijl .
doowutchyalike is a 1989 song by american hip hop recording artist digital underground .
real real gone is a song by van morrison from his 1990 album enlightenment .
the knoc ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper knoc-turn ` al , released as the lead single from his debut ep knoc 's landin ` ) .
s secretly is a song written by al hoffman , dick manning and hugo peretti and performed by american teenage singer jimmie rodgers .
in ' out of my head is a song written by teddy randazzo and bobby weinstein , and performed by little anthony the imperials .
bodies is a song recorded by american hip hop group the struts , featuring guest vocals from american singer kesha .
 mystik ( my past ) is a song by australian singer tash sultana from her eighth studio album , flow state ( 2017 ) .
dear is a 2000 song by american hard rock band a perfect circle .
better is a song by banks that was released on november 4 , 2015 .
not enough indians is a song written by baker knight , and recorded by american country music artist dean martin .
toca-toca ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american latin dance band fly project , released as a single on september 18 , 2013 , as the first single from the band 's seventh studio album , fly project ( 2013 ) .
 overnight success is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait which hit november 6 , 1989 .
do n't wan na lose you is a 1989 song by american singer gloria estefan .
10 days late is a song by the american alternative rock band third eye blind .
i feel something in the air is a song by american singer-songwriter cher .
do n't say is a song by american r b singer jon b .
one rainy wis is a song by the jimi hendrix experience , released as the b-side to the group 's debut album , axis bold as love .
dear and tear on my hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox .
the lights is a dance-pop song by american singer selena gomez the scene .
songs of experience is a song by american singer bob dylan .
 fool again is a song recorded by the american rock band westlife .
the flower and the young man is a song by american progressive rock band strawbs that was first released on february 1972 .
big time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
dangling conversation is a song by simon and garfunkel and is the lead track on their debut album , parsley ( 1966 ) .
lucky night is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
am amazing is a song by english indie rock band westlife from their self-titled debut studio album ( see 2006 in music ) .
dear-three is a song by american rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their 1996 album mellon collie .
y yo sigo aquí ( english : `` and i 'm still right here '' ) is a 2000 song recorded by argentine singer paulina rubio .
on your own is a song by the verve that was first released on 12 june 1995 .
cinnamon girl is a 1970 song by neil young and crazy horse .
blackbird is a song by american rock band alter bridge .
dear love is a song by american electronic group foxes released on 5 february 2016 .
break the dawn is a song recorded by american singer michelle williams , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album unexpected ( 2008 ) .
keep breathing is a song by american rock band we the kings from their debut studio album somewhere somehow ( 2013 ) .
21 questions is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent from his second studio album , get rich or die tryin ' ( 2003 ) .
one too many mornings is a song written and performed by american singer bob dylan .
hame you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ladies ' code , released as the third single from her debut studio album , code # 02 pretty pretty .
i 'll hold you in my heart is a song written by eddy arnold and hall horton and tommy dilbeck .
laying you down easy is a song by magic !
un ami ça n ' a pas de prix ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by ralph bernet and larry gréco and performed by american teenage singer johnny hallyday .
the gun is a song by american rock band the sisters of mercy .
perfect 10 is a song by the beautiful south from their 1998 album quench .
halsey is a song by american singer-songwriter halsey from her debut studio album , room 93andbadlands ( 2014 ) .
laya nila ( my past ) is a song written by vairamuthu and produced by s. p. balasubrahmanyam .
 rot in the sun is a song by american alternative rock band the presidents of the united states of america .
run , baby run is a song written by joe melson and don gant , and recorded by the newbeats .
just hold on is a song by steve aoki and louis tomlinson from their third studio album neon future iii .
 forget about the world is a song by american singer gabrielle .
lover 's talk it over in the ladies roo is a song recorded by curtie and the boombox .
sspeak of the devil is a song written by bill mccorvey , rich alves and danny mayo , and recorded by american country music band pirates of the mississippi .
lover comes to everyone is a song by english musician george harrison written by harrison with russ titelman and produced by george and russ '' ( us ) .
 mon cœur a trop aimé ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer zoë .
helluva life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .
just be is a song by american singer paloma faith from her debut studio album , fall to grace ( 2012 ) .
when the love is good is a 1988 song by big trouble .
one step too far is a song by american hip hop recording artist faithless , released as the lead single from her debut ep outrospective ( 2002 ) .
lover go is a song by english glam rock band wings and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1975 in music ) .
 ooh it 's kinda crazy is a song by english alternative rock band souldecision .
sick like me is a song by the american gothic rock band in this moment .
trans-europe express is a song by the german europe express band kraftwerk .
the robert johnson songbook is a song by american r b singer-songwriter peter green splinter group .
the september of my years is a song written and performed by frank sinatra .
trouble again is a song by american soft rock band champaign .
once in my life is a song recorded by american recording artist mel b .
i could never be ashamed of you is a song written by hank williams and recorded by american country music artist hank before he hit november 1952 .
life ai n't always beautifu is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
fiddlin ' man is a song written by michael martin murphey , and recorded by american country music artist michael .
stop is a song by english glam rock band spice girls from their second studio album spiceworld ( 1998 ) .
these arms of mine is a hit song performed by r b singer otis redding and written by redding with r b group pain in my heart .
sway is a song by american christian rock band jars of clay .
you had me from hello is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
 mountain is a song by chocolate starfish that was first released on february 1994 .
tears in the morning is a 1970 song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their album sunflower .
the show is a song recorded by american glam rock band girls aloud , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
only love can save me now is a song written by tom shapiro , chris waters and bucky jones , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
 beggin & pleadin is a song by american singer brandy .
60 miles an hour is a song by new order from their second album , get ready ( 2001 ) .
pumped up kicks is a song by english indie rock band foster the people from their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
 buzzin ' is a song by american rapper mann .
bitch bad is a song by american hip hop recording artist lupe fiasco , released as the lead single from his debut ep pt .
margie 's at ) the lincoln park inn is a song written by tom t. hall , and recorded by american country music artist bare .
i do n't believe you is a song written by bob dylan and composed by dylan with tom wilson .
baby do n't cry is a song recorded by japanese recording artist namie amuro for her seventh studio album , play ( 2007 ) .
dance little sister is a song by american funk rock group the hardline .
 merry christmas , happy holidays is a christmas song performed by american recording artist nsync .
out from the deep is a song by the american new age band enigma .
maneater is a song by american singer-songwriter hall oates .
dance instructor is a song by the american eurodance band captain jack , released on 8 march 1996 as the second single from their sixth studio album the mission .
one lonely night is a song by american hard rock band reo speedwagon featured on their 1984 album wheels are turnin ' .
i will always love you is a song recorded by american rock band troop .
dressed for success is a 1988 song by australian glam rock band roxette .
i n't nobody is a song by american r bfunk duo rufus and chaka khan .
trigger bang is a song by american singer lily allen , featuring rapper giggs , from her third studio album no shame ( 2017 ) .
when a man lies is a song by r b singer-songwriter robert kelly from his debut album , write me back ( 2012 ) .
this love is a song recorded by japanese singer angela aki for her sixth studio album , home ( 2006 ) .
 texas tornado is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .
about us is a dance-pop song by american singer brooke hogan from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
the blues come around is a song written and recorded by hank williams .
in ' man blues is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .
burning car is a song by english new wave and electronic group john foxx released on 11 july 1980 .
vicky is a song by american hard rock band wolfmother from their debut studio album , victorious ( 2015 ) .
there 's got to be a way is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
my hand is a song by american hip hop band primitive radio gods featured on their 1996 album , rocket .
the trapper and the furrier is a song by american singer regina spektor .
houston solution is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
shy ya lig ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer rita ora .
bad to me is a song written by lennon and kramer with the dakotas and performed by american teenage singer billy j. kramer .
down with disease is a song by american hip hop band phish .
1 , 2 , 3 , red light is a song written by sal trimachi and bobbi trimachi , and recorded by july 1968 recording artist 1910 fruitgum company .
 poison is a song recorded by american singer rita ora .
pe-o margine de lume ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song composed by andreea andreianton șuteu and performed by nico and vlad .
anything is a song by american recording artist 3t .
wordy rappinghood is a song by american funk band tom tom club .
am amen ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by argentine singer francesco gabbani from her debut studio album eternamente ora ( 2015 ) .
space race is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band mi-sex .
fear is afraid is a song recorded by american hip hop group the neighbourhood .
i see is your face is a song written by dan hill , and recorded by american country music artist dan hill .
kung av sand is a song written by per gessle and michael ilbert , and recorded by american singer gyllene tider .
it 's for you is a song by english singer niamh kavanagh from her debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
the losers is a song written by tom petty and the heartbreakers .
been a long time is a song by american singer wes carr .
hay is a song by american hip hop recording artist crucial conflict , released on april 23 , 1996 as the second single from his sixth studio album , the final tic .
the streets have no name is a song by irish rock band u2 .
riverman is a song by noel gallagher 's high flying birds from his debut album , chasing yesterday ( 2015 ) .
so alive is a 1989 song by love and rockets that was first released as a b-side to the group 's `` dreamtime '' single .
la musica alla radio ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer laura pausini from her debut studio album laura live world tour 09 .
enough to know is a song by australian rock band the superjesus .
white light is a song recorded by japanese recording artist superfly for her eighth studio album , white ( 2015 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american singer-songwriter fiona apple from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2006 in music ) .
toutes les filles is a 1990 song composed by didier barbelivien and félix gray and performed by british duo les amours cassées .
bootylicious is a song by destiny 's child from her second studio album , survivor ( 2001 ) .
lover and dabb is a song by american hip hop recording artist ilovememphis .
 idol is a song by american recording artist bts from her third studio album , love yourself answer ( 2018 ) .
 hollow is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter tori kelly for her debut studio album unbreakable smile ( 2015 ) .
not a sinner nor a sain is a song recorded by american eurodance band alcazar .
come running back is a song written by dick glasser and produced by dean martin .
say it is n't so is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
somew is a song recorded by american singer shanice .
out on my own is a song by english singer-songwriter michelle .
lantis to interzone is a song by american indie rock band klaxons from their second album myths of the near future .
you are the only one is a dance-pop song by sergey lazarev released on 5 march 2016 .
after loving you is a song written by eddie miller and johnny lantz , and recorded by elvis presley .
 silent prayer is a song by american singer shanice , featuring rapper johnny gill , from her 1992 album inner child .
 god only knows is a song by american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1966 album pet sounds .
name & number is a song by british hip hop band shift k3y .
this perfect world is a song by american singer freedy johnston .
 elvis ai n't dead is a song recorded by american teenage rock band scouting for girls .
revolution is a song by american rock band judas priest that first appeared in 2005 on the soundtrack to the band 's fifth studio album , angel of retribution .
b balls to the wall is a song by american rock band accept .
no expectations is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1968 album beggars banquet .
peranza ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter enrique iglesias released on 13 july 1998 .
could n't last a momen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist collin raye .
on my own is a song by american singer-songwriter yasmin .
save my soul is a song recorded by the german eurodance band decadance .
stair cold is a song by rainbow that was first released on 7 september 1982 .
i n't necessarily so is a song written by beth nielsen chapman , and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
 zoo station is a song by irish rock band u2 .
both sides of the story is a song by english singer-songwriter phil collins written by collins with virgin and wea .
pop singer is john cougar mellencamp .
mister callaghan is a song by r b singer-songwriter les paul .
 45 is a song by elvis costello from his 2002 album when i was cruel .
i 'm still dancin ' with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist wade hayes .
lover me now is a song by american singer john legend from his debut studio album , darkness and light ( 2016 ) .
it takes time is a song written by shirley eikhard and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
kush ups is a song by american hip hop recording artist snoop dogg from his debut studio album , coolaid ( 2016 ) .
come closer is a hit song performed by r b singer dee clark and written by gaudio with bob gaudio .
we can do it is a song performed by australian europop band september .
 fragile is a 1988 song by sting , included in the album nothing like the sun .
make it on my own is a song by american singer alison limerick .
27 is a song by biffy clyro from her debut studio album , blackened sky ( 2001 ) .
lover me like you mean i is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kelsea ballerini .
 hawkmoon 269 is a song by irish rock band u2 .
the wanderer is a 1961 r b song by american rock band dion .
tuxedo junction is a world war i song written by buddy feyne , and performed by glenn miller and his orchestra .
guilty is a song by american punk rock band all .
 alabam is a song written by cowboy copas and recorded by copas for his 1960 studio album `` i can '' .
 surreal is a song recorded by japanese singer ayumi hamasaki for her tenth studio album , duty ( 2000 ) .
be tender with me baby is a song written by albert hammondholly knight and recorded by american singer tina turner .
lucky sunday is a song written by daniel boone and rod mcqueen , and recorded by boone for his 1972 album beautiful sunday .
 clearest blue is a song by english drum and bass band chvrches from their debut studio album every open eye .
i 'll be true to you is a song written by alan rhody , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
 cherish is a song recorded by american rock band kool the gang , credited to robert earl bellronald nathan bellonald and released as the b-side to the group 's `` ladies ' night '' single on may 10 , 1985 .
what kind of a girl is a song written by loretta lynn and mount juliet , and recorded by lynn for her 1967 studio album fist city .
it was a good day is a song by american recording artist ice cube .
wasted time is a song by australian heavy metal band skid row that first appeared in 1991 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album , slave to the grind .
fast as you can is a song by english singer-songwriter fiona apple from her 1999 album when the pawn .
all the way is a song by craig david from his second studio album , the story goes ( 2005 ) .
piss factory is a song by american singer patti smith and r b singer-songwriter richard sohl .
lover you easy is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
i sole esiste per tutti ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer tiziano ferro .
time goes by is a song recorded by japanese recording artist every little thing .
yellow orange rays is a song by american singer sam sparro from her debut studio album , return to paradise ( 2011 ) .
 heart of the country is a song by paul and linda mccartney and is the lead track on their 1971 album ram .
whatever you like is a song by american recording artist t.i .
to the top is a song recorded by japanese recording artist kumi koda for her debut studio album , bon voyage ( 2012 ) .
take me to the king is a gospel song by american singer tamela mann from her debut studio album best days ( 2012 ) .
bustin ' loose is a song performed by american r b group chuck brown the soul searchers and written by brown with james purdie .
slide away is a song recorded by english rock band the verve , credited to nick mccabe , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` slide away '' single on 20 september 1993 .
white light is a song by american singer george michael .
dear teeth is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , the fame monster ( 2009 ) .
gucci this is a song by american recording artist omg girlz from her debut studio album , officially miss guided ( 2012 ) .
happy birthday is a song by the click five from their sixth studio album , modern minds and pastimes ( 2008 ) .
 omen is a song by english electronic group disclosure , featuring british singer-songwriter sam smith , from their debut studio album caracal ( 2015 ) .
don ` cha hear them bells is a gospel song by les paul and mary ford and was first released on 1953 .
big city nights is a song by the american hard rock band scorpions featured on their 1984 album love at first sting .
virus is a song by australian alternative rock band lafee from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
 helplessly , hopelessly is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessica andrews .
each tear is a song by american singer mary j. blige , featuring rapper jay sean , from her debut studio album , stronger with each tear ( 2010 ) .
green machine is a song by american stoner rock band kyuss .
 ( he 's ) the great imposter is a 1961 r b song written by sharon sheeley and jackie deshannon , and performed by the fleetwoods .
keep it dark is a song by the american new wave and industrial rock band genesis .
when joanna loved me is a song written by jack segal and robert wells and performed by american teenage singer joanna .
in keeping secrets of silent earth is a song by american glam rock band coheed and cambria .
lucky is a 2001 song by australian trance rock band lasgo .
to woody is a song written by bob dylan and john hammond .
do you think about me is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent .
down for whatever is a dance-pop song by american singer kelly rowland from her debut studio album here i am ( 2011 ) .
stuck in my head is a song written by d. eriksen , mats lie skåre and t. aaberge and recorded by tone damli for her debut studio album cocool ( 2011 ) .
it 's only make believe is a song written by jack nance and conway twitty , and recorded by twitty for his 1958 studio album sings .
i just ca n't be happy today is a song by the damned that was first released on november 1979 .
what you do n't know is a 1989 song by american freestyledance artist exposé .
circle in the sand is a 1988 song by american singer belinda carlisle .
you belong to the city is a song by american singer glenn frey .
2 of amerikaz most wanted is a song performed by american recording artist 2pac and snoop doggy dogg .
t 's gone is a song by american electronic group linkin park from their debut album the hunting party ( 2014 ) .
the little white cloud that cried is a song written and performed by johnnie ray .
 rip woodchip is a song co-written and recorded by john williamson which hit no .
1990-sick is a song by american recording artist spice 1 , featuring rapper mc eiht .
always feels is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
do n't leave me is a song recorded by american recording artist bts for her third studio album , face yourself ( 2018 ) .
the right time is a song by american recording artist the corrs from their 1996 album forgiven , not forgotten .
you ever is a song by american rapper skrillex from his third studio album , poo bear ( 2017 ) .
open up your door is a song written by larry brown , ray bloodworth and neville nader and performed by english rock band richard and the young lions .
i find love is a song by livin ' joy that was first released on 27 september 1997 .
sum 's comin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
help me is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by elvis presley .
wreck 1 is a song by english indie rock band interpol .
home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
why r u is a song by american singer amerie from her debut studio album in love war (2009 ) .
december is a christmas song performed by måns zelmerlöw and friends kära vinter and released as the third single from their tenth studio album christmas with friends .
to see my angel cry is a song written by conway twittyl and mt. juliet , and recorded by twitty .
clappers is a song by american rapper wale from his debut studio album , the gifted ( 2013 ) .
me against the nig is a song written by pat bunch , pam rose and mary ann kennedy , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
lover boat captain is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the second single from the band 's seventh studio album , riot act ( 2002 ) .
deixo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group ivete sangalo .
it 's christmas day is a song performed by australian singer-songwriter roy kim .
over and over again is a song by american singer nathan sykes from his debut studio album , unfinished business ( 2015 ) .
 naked in the rain is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
every night is a song written by layng martine and jr. mccentire , and recorded by american country music artist pake mcentire .
1000 oceans is a 1999 song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her second studio album , to venus and back .
better now is a song by post malone from their third studio album beerbongs bentleys ( 2018 ) .
black crow blues is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
i 'm gon na miss you , gir is a song written by jesse winchester , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
those good old dreams is a song written by richard carpenter and john bettis , and recorded by american country music band carpenters .
do n't make me wait for love is a song by american r b singer kenny g with lenny williams .
stigmata ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american rock band ministry .
no enemiesz ( my past ) is a song by australian singer kiesza .
when i get i is a song co-written and recorded by craig campbell which hit no .
every 's got something to hide except me and my monkey is a popular song written in 1968 by lennon and mccartney .
so lonely is a song recorded by japanese recording artist wonder girls for her seventh studio album , wonder girls ( 2015 ) .
knight for a day is a song by english glam rock band thompson twins and is the lead track on their debut album here 's to future days .
white nights is a song by australian alternative dance-pop band oh land .
brokenhearted is a song by american hip hop artist karmin from her debut studio album , hello ( 2011 ) .
black-throated wind is a song written by bob weir and john perry barlow , and recorded by american rock and roll artist Bob weir .
all true man is a 1991 song by american r b singer alexander o'neal .
lazy together is a song written by kenny nolan , and recorded by american musician barry manilow .
no more drama is a song by american singer mary j. blige .
dans le jardin de mon âme ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by francine jordi from her debut studio album , switzerland ( 2007 ) .
years is a song written by kye flemingdennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
lip vogue is a song by elvis costello and the attractions featured on his debut album this year 's model ( 1978 ) .
hammerhead is a song by american punk rock band the offspring , released as the third single from their third album , rise and fall , rage and grace .
i miss you baby is a song written by bobby womack and darryl carter , and recorded by womack .
we got us is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist canaan smith .
i 'd go with you anywhere is a song recorded by australian alternative rock band birds of tokyo .
dame tu amor ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group selena .
 moments is a song by australian singer-songwriter tove lo from her debut studio album , queen of the clouds ( 2015 ) .
kommer tid , kommer vår is a song written by jon van der bring and fredrik , and recorded by american singer-songwriter jan johansen jill johnson .
 ooh boy is a song written by norman whitfield , and recorded by american singer rose royce .
l lie down in darkness is a song by english electronic group destroyed .
everything your heart desires is a song by american singer-songwriter hall oates .
lover me see ya gir is a song cole swindell co-written and recorded by american country music artist cole Swindell for his fifth studio album , co-opentine ( 2015 ) .
please come home for christmas is a song written by charles brown and gene redd .
 forever loving you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist julian austin .
every makes mistakes is a song written by lacy j. dalton and mark sherrill , and recorded by american country music artist lacy .
when is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
50 words for snow is a song by australian singer kate bush from her debut studio album 21 november 2011 .
after you is a song written by doug frank and doug james , and recorded by american singer dionne warwick .
s sandstorm is a song by english indie rock band cast .
my music at work is a song by the tragically hip .
load me up is a song by australian alternative rock band matthew good band .
all or nothing is a song by american r b singer joe .
my baby is a song by american recording artist moby .
 fingertip is a song recorded by japanese recording artist gfriend for her seventh studio album , the awakening ( 2017 ) .
famous last words of a foo is a song written by dean dillon and rex huston , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
true believer is a song by e-type that was released on 27 september 2007 as the third single from their seventh studio album eurotopia .
happiness is a song by american singer sam sparro from her debut studio album , return to paradise ( 2011 ) .
do n't talk to strangers is a song written by ron elliott and bob durand , and recorded by american singer-songwriter the beau brummels .
come back to me lover is a song by american singer miki howard , written by howard with ken phillipskenny harris and produced by lemel humes .
i wan na feel something is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins which hit no .
she moves in her own way is a song by english indie rock band the kooks from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
rebelde ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group rbd .
the greatest is a song recorded by american singer michelle williams , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , unexpected ( 2008 ) .
i am is a song by american glam rock band uncanny x-men and is the lead track on their 1986 album what you give is what you get .
uncle pa is a song by american punk rock band ash .
remember me is a song written by alan tarney and carson richard , and recorded by american country music artist cliff richard .
stopper is a song by american hip hop artist mac .
stair is a song by english electronic group stellar , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , sting ( 2015 ) .
i 'm gon na lose you is a song recorded by american singer meghan trainor , featuring rapper john legend , from her debut studio album , title ( 2015 ) .
 ultranumb is a song by british alternative metal band blue stahli .
man against the world is a song by american rock group survivor .
you & me is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her debut studio album a summer best , love again ( 2012 ) .
 teenage heaven is a song written by eddie cochran and jerry capehart , and recorded by american teenage heaven .
all we needed is a song by english singer craig david from his debut studio album , following my intuition ( 2015 ) .
jump is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna from her second studio album , confessions on a dance floor ( 2006 ) .
my mama said is a song written by benny andersson björn ulvaeus and recorded by abba .
lover like crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .
friend of mine is a song by american alternative rock band treble charger released on may 1997 .
the little voice is a song by american singer sahlene .
dance me is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter marie serneholt .
nothing left is a song by as i lay dying , released as the third single from their third studio album , an ocean between us .
 oops is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter missy `` elliott , featuring vocals from american rapper tweet , from her second studio album , southern hummingbird ( 2002 ) .
just a little is a song by american garage rock band the beau brummels and is the lead track on their debut album ( 1965 ) .
land of dreaming is a song by american eurodance artist masterboy from his 1996 album generation of love .
one crowded hour is a song by augie march from her second album , you bloody choir ( 2006 ) .
sittin ' here in silence is a song by english rock band oasis from their second studio album do n't believe the truth ( 2005 ) .
if we all give a little is a song by english singer-songwriter liel colette , written by bernd meinunger and andreas lundstedt and produced by six4one .
happy is a r bsoul song by michael jackson , first released as a b-side on july 10 , 1973 .
these boots are made for walkin ' is a song written by lee hazlewood 1 and california , and recorded by american country music artist nancy sinatra .
dear girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
de ensammas promenad is a song written by christer lundh and mikael wendt , and recorded by arvingarna .
wait til you see my smile is a song recorded by english singer alicia keys , featuring rapper kasseem dean , from her debut studio album , the element of freedom ( 2010 ) .
the kids are n't alrig is a 1999 song by american hip hop band the offspring .
bridge to nowhere is a song by sam roberts from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
lily the pink is a song written by john gorman , mike mcgear and roger mcgough 1 and performed by the scaffold .
lover 's last letter is a song written by redd stewarternest tubb and carson nelson , and recorded by american country music group merle haggard and the strangers .
 anna júlia ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1999 song by argentine alternative rock band los hermanos .
 hello is a song by english electronic duo martin solveig and dragonette and is the lead track on their debut studio album , smash ( 2010 ) .
chicago is a song by american r b singer michael jackson from his debut studio album , xscape ( 2014 ) .
 photograph smile is a song by british singer-songwriter julian lennon .
move in a little closer , baby is a song recorded by harmony grass , credited to o'connor and capitanelli and released as the b-side to the group 's `` happiness is toy shaped '' single on 1968 .
weak hear is a song by british singer zara larsson from her debut studio album , 1 ( 2015 ) .
under the surface is a song by marit larsen , released as the third single from her debut studio album , march 6 , 2006 .
stair on frankie is a song written by jaap eggermont , and recorded by american rock band stars on 45 .
never alone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit no .
my heart is an open book is a song written by hal david and lee pockriss , and recorded by american country music artist carl dobkins jr .
tong tied is a song by boom crash opera that was first released on january 1995 .
be careful of stones that you throw is a song written by bonnie dodd and fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
the worst is a song recorded by american singer jhené aiko for her debut studio album , sail out ( 2014 ) .
rough day is a song by american singer paulini from her second studio album , superwoman ( 2006 ) .
sway kisses is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bob carlisle .
i get crazy is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , beam me up scotty ( 2009 ) .
i 's gon na be your gir is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
melissa is a song by american glam rock band the allman brothers band and is the lead track on their 1972 album eat a peach .
new orleans is sinking is a 1989 song by the tragically hip , included in the album up to here .
sensation is a song by american pitchshifter that was first released on 4 september 1998 .
talk to me is a song and single written by joe seneca , new york and ny and performed by r b singer little willie john .
those gurlz is a song by american hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .
gim me little sign is a hit song performed by r b singer brenton wood .
wrong impression is a song by american singer natalie imbruglia from her second studio album , white lilies island ( 2002 ) .
one of the survivors is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album preservation act 1 in 1973 .
close is a song by english singer nick jonas released on march 25 , 2016 , as the third single from her eighth studio album , complicated ( 2015 ) .
church is a song by american singer alison wonderland from her third studio album , awake ( 2018 ) .
between an old memory and me is a song written by keith stegall and charlie craig , and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt .
dance of love is a song by american rock group yes .
 soft-hearted hana is a song written by george harrison and russ titelman .
every man for himself is a song written by tim johnson and mark elliott , and recorded by american country music artist neal mccoy .
dear for fire is a 1989 song by american alternative rock band pixies from their second album bossanova .
i lay my love on you is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band westlife .
room service is a song by american singer-songwriter bryan adams from his second studio album , room service ( 2005 ) .
songs of experience is a song by ruth etting , and the main theme song from the german film the Happy .
i adore hi is a song and single written by artie kornfeld and jan berry , and performed by the angels .
good girl is a song recorded by american singer alexis jordan .
welcome to atlanta is a song by american rapper jermaine dupri , featuring rapper ludacris , from his second studio album , instructions ( 2002 ) .
sle me alone is a song by american singer-songwriter alexander rybak .
i 'm not a girl , not yet a girl is a song recorded by english singer britney spears .
give a little credit to the navy is a world war i song in the style of a march .
people know you by your first name is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody .
champion sound is a song by american rapper fatboy slim from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
i am i is a song by english rock band casting crowns from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
she 's not me is a song by american indie rock singer-songwriter jenny lewis .
dance row is a song by american singer bob dylan and is the lead track on his debut solo album , highway 61 revisited ( 1965 ) .
i love you more today is a song written by l. white , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
in my own time is a song written by chapman and whitney , and recorded by american rock band family .
say it 's not true is a song written by lionel cartwright , steuart smith and tony brown , and recorded by american country music artist lionel cowwright .
in ' is a song by american recording artist chamillionaire , featuring rapper krayzie bone , from his second studio album , the sound of revenge ( 2006 ) .
run to the water is a song by american alternative rock band live .
 joan of arc is a song by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark and is the lead track on their debut album architecture morality in 1981 .
uncle sam and his battering ra is a world war i era march song composed by robert p. mervine and composed by ida k. hall .
little sheila is a song by american electronic group slade .
you 're the one is a song recorded by american singer greta van fleet for her eighth studio album , anthem of the peaceful army ( 2018 ) .
lover kills is a song performed by jukka immonen and iain farquharson , and released as the third single from their debut studio album , belgium ( 2013 ) .
i want to come home for christmas is a hit song performed by american r b singer marvin gaye and written by gaye with los angeles .
cinderella is a song by steven curtis chapman which was first released on 4 september 2007 .
tong song is a song by american hip hop group strings .
my ding-a-ling is a song written by dave bartholomew and johnny berry , and recorded by english singer-songwriter chuck berry .
like only a woman can is a song by australian singer-songwriter brian mcfadden from her debut studio album , set in stone ( 2008 ) .
the life is a song by the life band fifth harmony , released as the lead single from their seventh studio album , seventh harmony ( 2015 ) .
the mercy seat is a 1988 song by nick cave and the bad seeds .
burn one down is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
yankee rose is a song by american glam rock singer david lee roth and written by roth with steve vai .
sovere light café is a song by australian alternative rock band keane .
sway you is a song by american electronic group atb .
you 're the one is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
i feel like dancin ' is a song by american hip hop band all time low .
if i was your man is a song recorded by american r b singer joe .
lover lou is a song by the american rock band accept .
big jet plane is a song by angus julia stone from her debut album down the way ( 2010 ) .
we wan na ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a dance-pop song by american duo alexandra stan and inna , featuring rapper daddy yankee , from their debut studio album alesta ( 2015 ) .
my is a song by american hip hop recording artist dj drama , featuring rapper roscoe dash and wiz .
 sweet dreams my la ex is a song recorded by english singer rachel stevens , released as the second single from her debut studio album funky dory ( 2003 ) .
lover of a lifetime is a 1999 song by american r b band honeyz .
revolution is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
the greatest is a song by american singer sia from her debut studio album this is acting ( 2015 ) .
 ocean avenue is a song by american punk band yellowcard .
you 're the one is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter bonnie tyler .
you is a 1989 song by english rock band the quireboys featured on their debut album a bit of what you fancy .
backwater is a song by english alternative rock band meat puppets featured on their 1993 album too high to die .
true friends is a song by american rock band bring me the horizon .
something 's missing is a song by american singer and songwriter marcia hines .
 empire song is a song by the american rock band killing joke .
 me how to be loved is a song recorded by american singer rebecca ferguson , featuring rapper johnny lattimer , from her debut studio album heaven ( 2011 ) .
the pretender is a song written and performed by american country music artist jackson browne .
age of consent is a song by new order that was first released on 2 may 1983 .
never ever gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
please come to boston is a song by american musician dave loggins .
 cherry bomb is a song written and performed by john cougar mellencamp .
 isolation is a song by american alternative rock band alter bridge , released as the third single from their third studio album , ab iii :
 throne is a song by american electronic group bring me the horizon .
release is a song by the american rock band the tea party , released as the second single from their tenth studio album , transmission ( 1998 ) .
the answer 's at the end is a song by george harrison and is the lead track on his debut album extra texture ( 1975 ) .
 here today is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
what 's my name is a song by american singer china anne mcclain , thomas doherty and dylan playfair .
we 'll be together is a song by american glam rock band sandra .
saved is a 1989 song by american rock band swans featured on their album the burning world .
when am i going to make a living is a song by american singer sade .
wiggle it is a song by english hip hop recording artist 2 in a room .
baby workou is a song and single written by alonzo tucker and jackie wilson and performed by american singer-songwriter jackie wson .
this little girl is a song by american rock and roll artist gary u.s. bonds .
 rosa parks is a song by american hip hop recording artist outkast .
pass is a song by english new wave and synth-pop artist john foxx .
you 're the one is a song by american recording artist swv .
the look of love is a song by american glam rock band abc .
lip is a song by american hip hop band sum 41 .
where 's your head a is a song by american record producer basement jaxx .
that 's a mother 's liberty loan is a world war i song written by clarence gaskill , harry tally and harry mayo and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
uncle tom 's cabin is a song written by jani lane , and recorded by american recording artist warrant .
the death of me is a song by american glam rock band asking alexandria .
mother earth is a song by american r b singer memphis slim and the house rockers .
british conversationalis is a song written by john hadley and gary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
the look of love is a song by american singer madonna .
to the kingdo is a song by american hip hop band linkin park from their debut album , the hunting party ( 2014 ) .
an olive grove facing the sea is a song by american indie rock band snow patrol that was released on 5 march 2001 .
stellar is a song by australian alternative rock band incubus .
am kind of love is a song written by trey bruce and wayne tester , and recorded by american country music artist daryle singletary .
lover in your lig is a song recorded by american singer dua lipa , featuring rapper miguel , from her third studio album , dualipa ( 2017 ) .
sway on is a 1990 song by american recording artist en vogue .
 ramble tamble is a 1970 song by the american rock band creedence clearwater revival .
bright lights is a song by american alternative rock band matchbox twenty , released on august 1 , 2003 as the lead single from their third studio album , more than you think you are .
a me , ah my is a song by american glam rock band strawbs and is the lead track on their 1972 album grave new world .
life to fix is a song by american hip hop recording artist all of this life .
burning up is a song by american singer madonna .
blood , tears & gold is a song by english synthpop band hurts .
dear on a hiway is a 1999 song by american alternative rock band mercury rev .
vida 23 ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a latin pop song by american rapper pitbull from his sixth studio album armando ( 2011 ) .
 america kicks ass is a song by american avant-garde metal band king missile .
slow down is a song recorded by american singer selena gomez , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album , stars dance ( 2013 ) .
more , more , more and more is a song by american disco artist andrea true connection .
higher love is a song by steve winwood and recorded by the singer-songwriter for his 1986 album back in the high life .
 charmer is a song by american progressive rock band strawbs featured on their 1976 album deep cuts .
 buggin is a song released by true steppers in 2000 , featuring british singer-songwriter dane bowers .
moonburn is a song written by hoagy carmichael and edward heyman , and performed by american teenage singer moonburn .
big house is a song by american christian rock band audio adrenaline .
hard time loving you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist julian austin .
hyper music feeling good is a song by american art punk band muse .
i 'm not alone is a song by american singer calvin harris from his debut studio album , ready for the weekend ( 2009 ) .
wild ones is a song by american recording artist flo rida from her debut studio album , wild ones ( 2011 ) .
never gon na fa ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer lisa stansfield .
angelina is a song written and performed by bob dylan which hit no .
sway me alone is a song by australian singer p!nk from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
 comeback is a song by american singer ella eyre from her debut studio album , feline ( 2014 ) .
hazy pretty is a song by american rock group poe .
almost love is a dance-pop song by american singer sabrina carpenter from her third studio album , singular act i ( 2018 ) .
everytime is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande for her third studio album , sweetener ( 2018 ) .
take control is a song recorded by american eurodance artist dj bobo .
that for me is a song recorded by argentine duo alesso and anitta and released as a single on 13 october 2017 .
l'accordéoniste ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a world war i song written by michel emer and édith piaf .
she used to be somebody 's baby is a song written by larry gatlin and chip young , and recorded by american country music duo partners .
better dig two is a song recorded by american country music group perry .
jumpuit is a song by japanese alternative rock band twenty one pilots that first appeared in 2018 on their third studio album , trench ( 2018 ) .
keep tryin ' is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her tenth studio album , ultra blue ( 2006 ) .
cry baby cry is a popular song written and performed by the beatles written by john lennon and composed by mccartney .
 ghetto child is a song by the spinners featured on their debut album , spinners ( 1973 ) .
on the regular is a song by american record producer shamir from her debut album , ratchet ( 2014 ) .
cash money is a song by american hip hop artist tyga .
never felt so good is a song recorded by american r b duo michael jackson and justin timberlake and released as the lead single from their debut studio album , xscape ( 2014 ) .
one gon na love you is a song by american singer jennifer hudson from her debut studio album i remember me ( 2011 ) .
 goodbye is a song by american r b singer tevin campbell .
the tragically hip is a song by the american hip hop band the tragically hip .
 fancy pants is a song by al hirt and is the lead track on his debut album that honey horn sound .
put your hands up 4 detroi is a song by english electronic group fedde le grand , released as the third single from their sixth studio album , electro house ( 2006 ) .
pacific ocean blues is a song written by dennis wilson and mike love , and recorded by wilson for his 1976 studio album pacific ocean blue .
my mysterious is a song by american singer jentina from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
body and soul is a song by american singer and songwriter anita baker from her 1994 album rhythm of love .
same song is a song by american hip hop recording artist digital underground .
 avalanche is a song by british singer-songwriter leonard cohen written by cohen with bob johnston and performed by american country music artist nelson .
m.v is a song by american recording artist big l .
come on and do i is a song recorded by australian eurodance band pandora .
 merry happy is a song by australian singer kate nash from her debut studio album , made of bricks ( 2008 ) .
stick & stones is a song by english indie rock band arlissa from her debut studio album , battles ( 2013 ) .
 ramrod is a song written by bruce springsteen and steven van zandt , and recorded by springsteen for his 1980 album the river .
infector is a song by bad religion that was first released on 4 september 1994 .
 is n't it a pity is a 1970 song by george harrison , included in the album all things must pass .
i do n't know a thing about love is a song written by harlan howard and dee henry , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
this is home is a song recorded by american alternative rock band switchfoot , released as the third single from their third studio album chronicles of narnia prince caspian ( 2008 ) .
dheere dheere ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by bollywoodindi hip hop artist yo yo honey singh from her debut studio album , august 31 , 2015 ( ) .
t triumph of a hear is a song by australian singer björk from her second studio album , medúlla ( 2005 ) .
my song is a song by american hard rock band status quo that first appeared in 1976 on the soundtrack to the band 's 1976 album blue for you .
heartland is a song by irish rock band u2 .
 russian radio is a 1988 song by the american new wave band red flag .
dolores o'riordan is a song by american acoustic-pop band the cranberries featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 1995 in music ) .
please read the letter is a song by american rock band jimmy page and robert plant and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
 gone too soon is a song by american singer shakila karim .
cool jerk is a song by the american rock band the capitols featured on their 1966 album dance the cool jerk .
songs by the time is a song by american funk band the time .
new york city is a song by john lennon and yoko ono .
i do love you is a hit song performed by r b singer billy stewart and written by stewart with Bobby nelson .
child 's end is a song by the american rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on their debut album obscured by clouds ( 1972 ) .
sometimes we cry is a song by van morrison from her 1996 album the healing game .
alcohol is a 1999 song by barenaked ladies from their second album , stunt .
the mosquito is a song written by john densmore , krieger and manzarek and performed by american rock band the doors .
hot summer is a song performed by australian electronic group monrose .
the power of love is a song written by don cookgary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
the world i 'm here is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter ulrik munther , released as the third single from his debut studio album , rooftop ( 2013 ) .
so is a song by american industrial rock band static-x .
all in your name is a song by american rapper barry gibb and michael jackson .
you 're gon na change is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
what kind of love are you on is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith .
gim me is a song by boom crash opera that was first released on 5 september 1994 .
the middle is a song by american alternative rock band jimmy eat world .
it around is a song by english singer smokie .
 empty space is a song by james arthur from his third studio album , 19 october 2018 .
all together now is a popular song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by geoff emerick .
 n'oublie pas ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her third studio album , désobéissance ( 2018 ) .
slow is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her second studio album , body language ( 2003 ) .
 rotate is a song by american hip hop recording artist capone-n-noreaga from her debut studio album , channel 10 ( 2009 ) .
turn japanese is a song written by david fenton , and recorded by american new wave and pop band the vapors .
speed is a song recorded by american singer zazie for her eighth studio album essenciel ( 2018 ) .
 sweet sticky thing is a song by the ohio players featured on their 1975 album honey .
 forgiven is a song by australian alternative rock band sanctus real , released as the third single from their third studio album , pieces of a real heart .
look through any window is a song by english rock and roll band the hollies featured on their 1965 album `` so lonely '' .
september in the rain is a world war i era march song composed by harry warren and al dubin and performed by ricky nelson .
tent twenty eight is a song by english alternative rock band the weeknd from their debut album trilogy ( 2012 ) .
can heaven wai ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american rapper luther vandross .
 misunderstanding is a song by the american new wave and rock band genesis .
original is a song by english hip hop recording artist leftfield released on 13 march 1995 , as the lead single from her debut studio album , leftism ( 1995 ) .
the bear song is the sixth song of green jellÿ 's debut album 333 , which was released in 1994 .
doin ' what she likes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton .
i do n't think i 'm ready for you is a song written by steve dorffsnuff garrettmilton brownbilly ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
bluer than blue is a song written by randy goodrum , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .
hibernaculum is a song by english musician mike oldfield .
mustang heart is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox .
trouble is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their 2000 album parachutes .
the one is a song by american hip hop band the chainsmokers from their third studio album , memories ( 2017 ) .
the knife is a song by the american new wave and progressive rock band genesis .
beer barrel polka is a world war i era march song composed by jaromír vejvoda and performed by czech pop singer-songwriter václav zeman .
sorry is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album , purpose ( 2015 ) .
welcome to heartbreak is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west , featuring rapper kid cudi , from his third studio album 808s heartbreak ( 2008 ) .
dardanella ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a world war i song composed by felix bernard and johnny s. fisher .
weak is a song by american indie rock band ajr from their debut studio album what everyone 's thinkingandthe click ( 2016 ) .
i 'll leave this world loving you is a song written by wayne kemp and mack vickery , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .
tears do n't fall is a song by american rock band bullet for my valentine .
child say is a song by american rock band level 42 .
you 'll accomp ` ny me is a song written by bob seger and betty lou 's `` betty 's gettin ' out tonight '' band .
souviens-toi du jour ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1999 song by american singer mylène farmer from her second studio album , innamoramento ( 1999 ) .
dive is a song by american glam rock band siouxsie and the banshees featured on their debut album a kiss in the dreamhouse ( 1982 ) .
 opa opa ( my past ) is a song by notis sfakianakis and is the main theme song from the 1992 film ise ena pistoli .
the state of massachusetts is a song by american hip hop artist dropkick murphys from his debut ep , the meanest of times ( 2007 ) .
s weekend is a song written by m. jackson and t. meyer , and recorded by american country music artist wet willie .
 heartbeat is a dance-pop song by english singer madonna from her seventh studio album , madonna ( 2008 ) .
mile high is a song by american rapper james blake from his third studio album , assume form ( 2019 ) .
sky is falling is a song by american singer natalie duncan from her debut studio album , devil in me ( 2011 ) .
2 faced is a song recorded by american singer louise .
hot is a song by james brown from his 1975 album hot .
 nee nee na na na n'ts is a song written by eddie deane al dredick and performed by american instrumental rock band dicky doo and the do n'tos .
blind in love is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
under the american flag is a world war i era march song composed by andrew b. sterling and composed by harry von tilzer .
s even better than the real thing is a song by irish rock band u2 .
the horizon has been defeated is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson .
take me home is a song written by george jones , and recorded by jones for his 1972 studio album , take me home .
tishomingo blues is a world war i song in the style of a march .
i can be is a song recorded by american singer taio cruz , released as the second single from his tenth studio album , departure ( 2008 ) .
thank ma place is a song by american singer-songwriter zazie and axel bauer .
 ooh boy is a song by american r b band en vogue .
 heroes of our time is a song by american power metal band dragonforce that was released on 4 july 2008 .
whyyawannabringmedown ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer aranda .
songs of experience is the 14th studio album by american alternative rock band train .
lover blind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black which hit no .
wasting my young years is a song by english indie rock band london grammar .
do n't make me over is a song performed by american singer dionne warwick and written by burt bacharach and hal david .
the line is a song by american hard rock band toto .
kick it in the sticks is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brantley gilbert .
kiss on my lis is a song by r b singer hall oates written by daryl halljanna allen and performed by oates .
snein ' suspicion is a song by american rock and roll band dr. feelgood .
ride captain ride is a 1970 song by the blues image on motown records ' tamla label .
black tears is a song by powderfinger from their sixth album dream days at the hotel existence .
sleeping ute is a song by american indie rock band grizzly bear from their debut album , shields ( 2011 ) .
you 'll never be alone is a song by australian singer and songwriter anastacia from her second studio album freak of nature ( 2002 ) .
stair cold gentleman is a 1991 r b song by brown on motown records ' tamla label .
you is a song by the american eurodancetrance band la cream , released on 3 september 1998 as the second single from the band 's eighth studio album , sound vision .
mary is a song by australian singer-songwriter monique brumby from her 1996 album thylacine .
sexcrime ( nineteen eighty-four ) is a song by english glam rock band eurythmics featured on their debut album , 1984 .
bake sale is a song by american hip hop artist wiz khalifa from her debut studio album , khaifa ( 2015 ) .
say a word is a word by austria .
freedom is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , lemonade ( 2015 ) .
breat is a song by english drum and bass band the prodigy .
no such thing as a broken hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band old dominion .
that 's all i want from you is a song written by fritz rotter a.k. morgan and performed by american teenage singer jaye p.morgan .
i feel cream is a song by american electronic group peaches from their third studio album i feel cream ( 2009 ) .
glow is a song by inxs from their sixth album , switch ( 2006 ) .
when it rain is a song by american rapper danny brown from her debut album , atrocity exhibition ( 2016 ) .
if your heart ai n't busy tonig is a song written by tom shapiro and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
mamaloi is a song by american r b group the doobie brothers and is the lead track on their 1972 album toulouse street .
nightcrawler is a song by american rapper travis scott from his debut studio album , rodeo ( 2015 ) .
cool yule is a 1953 r b song by steve allen and louis armstrong with the commanders .
tie your dream to mine is a song written by van stephensontim dubois and jeff silbarsam lorber , and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .
dear dimension is a song by american glam rock band wolfmother from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
 pledge pin is a song written by robert plant and robbie blunt , and recorded by american country music artist robie plant which hit november 1982 .
sign of love makin ' is a song by american singer-songwriter tyrese .
s fooled by a smile is a song written by connell and drewery/jackson , and recorded by american glam rock band swing out sister .
k midas in reverse is a song by english glam rock band the hollies featured on their 1967 album , sunshine `` us `` water `` .
what much more can she stand is a song written by harry compton and mt. juliet , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
i need you tonight is a song by american rapper professor green from his debut album , alive till i 'm dead ( 2010 ) .
lover is leaving is a song by american singer boy george .
run is a song by english singer-songwriter george .
all jacked up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gretchen wilson .
i 'm good at being bad is a song by american hip hop recording artist tlc .
ca n't nobody love you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist wynonna judd .
 like i do is a song written by dick manningamilcare ponchielli and nancy sinatra and performed by american singer nance sinatra .
not too late is a song by american singer and songwriter norah jones from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
my girl is a hit song performed by the temptations and written by smokey robinsonronald white , and recorded by american r b group the temptictions .
portland is a song by american rapper drake from his third studio album more life ( 2017 ) .
orpheus is a 1988 song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian .
minerva ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american alternative rock band deftones from their self-titled debut album ( see 2002 in music ) .
 rock steady is a hit song by r b singer aretha franklin and is the lead track on her 1971 album young , gifted and black .
angel interceptor is a song written by mcmurray and wheeler , and recorded by american rock band ash .
 mi deseo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1991 latin pop song written by marco antonio solís and norteño pop group los bukis .
all his children is a song written by alan bergmanmarilyn and henry mancini , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
the dreaming is a song by australian singer kate bush .
ca dziewczyna ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by poland and russian singer-songwriter ivan komarenko .
the ghost in you is a song by the psychedelic furs featured on their debut album , mirror moves ( 1984 ) .
all about that bass is a song recorded by american singer meghan trainor , featuring rapper tennessee , from her debut studio album ( 2014 ) .
 isolation is a 1970 song by john lennon and yoko ono band .
black diamond is a song by the american rock band kiss .
 twistin ' the night away is a song written by sam cooke and recorded by american rca hollywood .
the thing is a 1989 song by the fall by english rock band the fall .
i need your love tonig is a song written by sid wayne and bix reichner , and recorded by elvis presley .
do n't be so hard on yourself is a dance-pop song by american singer jess glynne .
 rock 'n me is a song written by steve miller band and recorded by american rock and roll group steve band .
the maker said take her is a song recorded by american country music singer alabama .
sink is a song by lyn collins , first released as a b-side to the group 's `` think ( about it '' single on june 1972 .
i n't no need to worry is a gospel song by marvin winans and anita baker .
then he kissed me is a song written by phil spector , ellie greenwich and jeff barry and recorded by english glam rock band the crystals .
heartbreak warfare is a song by john mayer from his debut album , battle studies ( 2009 ) .
dance the donkey is a christmas song written by ray allen , sam saltzberg and wandra merrell and performed by american country music artist lou monte .
do n't lie is a song by english glam rock band the black eyed peas featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
you and me is a song by american singer alice cooper , written by cooper with dick wagner and produced by bob ezrin .
ca n't let go is a song by american singer linda király from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
fame is a song by american singer david bowie .
nocturnal is a song by disclosure from their debut studio album caracal ( 2015 ) .
living is a song by the american rock band p.o.d .
all me is a song by american rapper drake , featuring rapper 2 chainz and big sean , from his debut studio album nothing was the same ( 2013 ) .
living in fast forward is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
 bob dylan 's drea ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter bobdylan .
we 're all to blame is a song by american rock band sum 41 , released as the third single from their third studio album , chuck ( 2004 ) .
 hymn 43 is a song by american rock group jethro tull .
baby i lied is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deborah allen .
all my rowdy friends is a song written by hank williams jr , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
lover junk is a song by american indie rock band johnny diesel .
 fingertips ' 93 is a song recorded by australian glam rock band roxette , released as the third single from her third studio album , tourism ( 1992 ) .
lazy and lonely is a song written by roy orbison and joe melson , and recorded by american country music artist roy orbisons and released as a b-side to the group 's `` here comes that song '' single on may 1960 .
stuck with me is a song by american punk rock band green day that was first released on december 27 , 1995 .
method of modern love is a song written by daryl hall and janna allen , and recorded by american singer-songwriter john oates .
lady like you is a song written by keith stegall and jim weatherly , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
big fun is a 1988 song by inner city included in the album paradise .
cowboys like us is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
hero is a song recorded by american singer charlotte perrelli , released as the third single from her tenth studio album , hero ( 2008 ) .
the kids are rig is a song by american alternative rock band local h .
sle before the lights come on is a song by english rock band arctic monkeys released on 14 august 2006 .
better your heart than mine is a song written by lisa angelle and andrew gold , and recorded by american country music artist trisha yearwood .
the rocky road to poland is a song by english trad-pop singer-songwriter damien dempsey , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , the dubliners ( 2012 ) .
sounds is a song by american rapper calvin harris from his third studio album , funk wav bounces vol ( 2017 ) .
carina is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter larz-kristerz .
snap out of i is a song by american glam rock band arctic monkeys from their debut album am ( 2014 ) .
we belong together is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
that just about does i is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vern gosdin which hit no .
party hard is a song by the american rock band pulp .
never let you down is a 1999 song by american r b band honeyz .
not fair is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lily allen .
it hit me like a hammer is a song written by robert john `` mutt '' langehuey lewis and the news and recorded by the news .
just tonig is a song by american alternative rock band the pretty reckless .
 miracle is a song by american singer kimbra .
just the way you are is a song by american record producer milky .
t hasta que me olvides ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by juan luis miguel .
 chevy coupe is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
train in vain is a song by english funk band the clash .
this is the right time is a 1989 r b song by american singer lisa stansfield .
big deal is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .
little bit longer is a song by jonas brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
 gee is a 1953 r b song by the crows on motown records ' tamla label .
 uh la la la ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american europop singer alexia .
over under sideways down is a song by english glam rock band the yardbirds featured on their 1966 album roger the engineer .
la buona novella ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1970 song by italian singer-songwriter fabrizio de andré .
backwater blues is a song by bessie smith and jimmy johnson .
toi is a song composed by jean baudlotjoe dassin and performed by american singer joe dassin .
give me , john is a song written by fuzzy owen , jean shepard and lewis talley , and recorded by american country music artists ferlin husky and jean herpard .
workaholic is a song by 2 unlimited , and the main theme song from the band 's 1992 album , get ready !
daddy mine is a world war i song in the style of a march .
every step is a song by american singer beverley knight from her debut studio album , 100 % ( 2009 ) .
s music is 90s music by american singer kimbra .
down deep inside is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1976 album the deep soundtrack .
hard act to follow is a song by american rock band grinspoon from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
always the sun is a song by american new wave and glam rock band the stranglers featured on their 1986 album dreamtime .
laying your love on me is a song written by nicky chinn and mike chapman , and recorded by american country music artist racey .
tiny bubbles is a song written by leon pober and sonny burke and performed by american teenage singer don ho .
dear hear is a song by american singer bruce springsteen .
stink of the nig is a song by american country music artist bryan adams .
 je m ` en vais ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by vianney from her debut studio album , 25 november 2016 .
say nothing is a song by example , released as the third single from their debut studio album the evolution of man .
money is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist k.t. oslin which hit no .
new kid in town is a song by american hard rock band eagles featured on their 1976 album hotel california .
 me what you like is a song by australian indie rock band keane .
 machines is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band red flag that was first released on 1992 .
songs of experience is a song written by pete townshend and glyn johns and recorded by the who as the opening track on their debut album who 's next .
you do n't miss your water is a 1961 r b song by william bell on motown records ' tamla label .
 whip-smart is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter liz phair from her self-titled debut studio album ( 1994 ) .
s riser is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
in repair is a song by american alternative rock band our lady peace .
tearin ' up my hear is a song recorded by american rock band nsync .
a feelin ' like tha is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
case of the ex is a song by australian singer mýa .
 não para ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by argentine singer and songwriter anitta for her debut studio album , anitta ( 2013 ) .
crawling back to you is a song by american alternative rock band daughtry .
do something is a song by american singer macy gray .
thank god i 'm a country boy is a song written by john martin sommers , and recorded by american country music artist john denver .
the way you kiss me is a song by english electronic group example .
4ever is a song by english glam rock band the veronicas from their second album , the secret life of ... andhook me up us ( 2005 ) .
i do n't know what you want but i is a 1999 song by american dance-pop band pet shop boys from their second album , nightlife .
s sweeter than fiction is a song recorded by american singer taylor swift , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album one chance the incredible true story of paul potts ( 2013 ) .
never is a song recorded by american singer toni braxton , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , pulse ( 2009 ) .
sleepwalker is a song by american singer adam lambert from his debut studio album for your entertainment ( 2011 ) .
lover stree is a song by the doors featured on their 1968 album waiting for the sun .
 ashes to ashes is a song by english singer-songwriter david bowie .
you were meant for me is a song by american singer-songwriter jewel .
pumping on your stereo is a song by british alternative rock band supergrass .
throw ya gunz is a song by american hip hop recording artist onyx .
the lambeth walk is a world war i era march song composed by douglas furber and l. arthur rose .
the lord loves the one is a song written by george harrison and produced by harrisongs .
apple shampoo is a song by blink-182 from their sixth studio album dude ranch ( 1996 ) .
if we 're not back in love by monday is a song written by sonny throckmorton and glenn martin , and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .
superlove is a song recorded by american singer tinashe .
i stand alone is a song recorded by japanese recording artist takako matsu for her seventh studio album , sora no kagami ( 1997 ) .
lover to love you baby is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter donna summer .
the day the world went away is a song by american rock band nine inch nails .
all in your mind is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
what is i is a song by american hip hop recording artist bash , featuring rapper sean kingston , from his debut album , cyclone ( 2008 ) .
dear city is a song by steve winwood and eric clapton .
all down the line is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st. .
 heaven knows is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1978 album , live and more .
i believe in u is a song by american singer jamala .
bobo ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist j balvin from his eighth studio album , energía ( 2015 ) .
dizzy is a 1999 song by american alternative rock band goo goo dolls featured on their second album dizzy up the girl .
samba sambero ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group anna book .
boum boum bou m bou ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer mika .
if you want my love is a song by the british rock band twenty 4 seven , released on 27 march 1997 as the lead single from their sixth studio album , twenty 4 hours a day .
s surrendering is a song recorded by alanis morissette and released as the third single from her second studio album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .
shut i is a song by the damned and is the lead track on their 1996 album not of this earth .
lsea smile is a song by american rock band bring me the horizon .
 of the nig is a song by american new wave and dance band bastille .
missing you is a song by american singer mary j. blige .
to where you are is a song by american singer-songwriter josh groban .
only one is a song by american glam rock band goo goo dolls featured on their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
for you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her tenth studio album , distance ( 2000 ) .
cinderella is a song written by reed nielsen , and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .
dear metal poisoning is a song by american glam rock band styx .
cold beer with your name on i is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh thompson .
lyrics is a song recorded by japanese recording artist miho komatsu for her seventh studio album , 26 november 2003 .
m midsummer day is a song recorded by the american rock band the tea party , credited to british singer-songwriter jessie vermont , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` midsummer days '' single on 1994 .
go , vandals , go is a world war i song written by j. morris odonnell and performed by the american collegiate fight song band idaho .
stand by your man is a song by american hip hop recording artist ll cool j .
the history repeats itself is a song written by buddy starcher and minnie pearl , and recorded by american country music artist buddy stcher .
ice cream cake is a song by american recording artist red velvet from her debut studio album , ice cream cake ( 2015 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american singer jessica mauboy from her debut studio album , get 'em girls ( 2010 ) .
 sweet sue , just you is a world war i song written by victor young and will j. harris .
please me why is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon and mccartney .
i should ca ( `` and i ca '' ) is a song by american singer kimberly michelle .
changes is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2pac from his second studio album , greatest hits ( 1998 ) .
 longing for lullabies is a song recorded by australian recording artist kleerup , featuring guest vocals from titiyo .
kran turismo ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by jvg and featuring vocals from raappana .
 up all night is a dance-pop song by american hip hop band beck .
 sam 's song is a world war i song written by jack elliott and performed by american country music artist lew quadling .
secret combination is a song by australian singer kalomoira from her debut studio album , secret combination ( 2008 ) .
roots radicals is a song by american punk rock band rancid .
lover us go back to the old landmark is a world war i song in the style of a march .
baby 's gotten good at goodbye is a song written by tony martin and troy martin , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
am amazing love is a song written by john schweers , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
burning is a song by the american rock band accept , released as the second single from their 1981 album , breaker .
the three bells is a song written by jean villard gilles bert reisfeld and composed by british country music group the browns .
open your heart is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna .
strong is a song recorded by american pop group sugababes .
 rollin ' nowhere is a song written and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
trouble + time is a song by the american rock band rise against .
you put a move on my hear is a r bsoul song by american singer mica paris .
amourissima ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by feist from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
sober is a song recorded by loreen for her debut studio album , heal ( 2011 ) .
almost like being in love is a world war i song composed by alan jay lerner and composed by frederick loewe .
 ( åh ) när ni tar saken i egna is a song written by henrik wikström and kent olsson , recorded by after dark and released as a single on 28 february 2007 .
 wonderin ' is a song by rollercoaster that was first released on 1980 .
baby , i love your way is a song by american musician peter frampton .
there is a mountain is a song by american singer-songwriter donovan .
on the road again is a song written by willie nelson , and recorded by nelson for his 1980 studio album honeysuckle rose .
every needs love is a song by american singer-songwriter stephen bishop .
st of confusion is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album , state of confusion ( 1983 ) .
the dream is still alive is a song written by glen ballard and wilson phillips , and recorded by american singer wilson pillips .
monsieur gainsbourg revisited is a song by various artists from the german eurovision song contest 2006 .
 echo is a song by american trance and drum and bass band hardwell , featuring british singer-songwriter jonathan mendelsohn .
baby come home is a song by american rock band bush .
quido fbi ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist calle 13 , released as the lead single from her second studio album , calle records ( 2005 ) .
s smack tha ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper akon from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
true colours is a song written by peter cox and richard drummie , and recorded by american rock band go west .
i hope is a song by american singer rebecca ferguson from her debut studio album freedom ( 2013 ) .
shut up is a song by american singer r. kelly from her debut studio album , black panties ( 2011 ) .
i could never say goodbye is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
child is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album , november 13 , 2015 ( 2015 ) .
 hysteria is a song by english rock band def leppard that was first released on november 1987 .
 wo n't get fooled again is a song written by pete townshend , berkshire and england and recorded by the who as the b-side to their debut album who 's next .
i would die 4 u is a song by american singer-songwriter prince and the revolution .
 stranger is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff .
he was really sayin ' somethin ' sometin ' is a hit song performed by the american r b band the velvelettes and written by norman whitfield and william `` mp '' stevenson , and recorded by the group .
talking to myself is a song by american hip hop band linkin park .
no , it isn ' is a song by american alternative rock band +44 .
 up the hill backwards is a song by english singer-songwriter david bowie .
i got u is a song by american singer duke dumont , featuring rapper jax jones , from his debut ep1 studio album ep1 ( 2014 ) .
we 'll bring the house down is a song written by noddy holder and jim lea , and recorded by american rock group slade .
pure love is a song written by eddie rabbitt , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
touch of evi ( my past ) is a song by australian heavy metal band judas priest , released as the second single from their 1991 album , painkiller .
so easy is a song by english electronic group röyksopp .
my side of town is a song recorded by american singer lutricia mcneal .
you faithfully is a song recorded by american singer rebbie jackson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album yours faithfully ( 1998 ) .
till the end of the day is a song written by ray davies and shel talmy , and recorded by the kinks .
life on your own is a song by the human league that was first released on 18 june 1984 .
chameleon is a song by ira losco from her debut studio album , synth-pop ( 2015 ) .
we need a resolution is a song by american singer aaliyah from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2001 ) .
will to forgive is a song by r b singer aretha franklin and written by babyface and daryl simmons .
our lips are sealed is a song by american rock band the go-go 's featured on their 1981 album beauty and the beat .
like a motorway is a song by american singer-songwriter saint etienne from her 1994 album tiger bay .
live with me is a song by american hip hop recording artist massive attack with terry callier .
hucky without you is a song recorded by annie and timo kaukolampi for her second studio album anniemal ( 2005 ) .
this is your life is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
mutilated lips is a song by australian glam rock band ween .
the boys is a song recorded by japanese recording artist girls ' generation .
i kissed a girl is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter jill sobule .
 bloom is a song recorded by american singer troye sivan from her third studio album , bloom ( 2018 ) .
keep talking is a song by the american progressive rock band pink floyd that was first released on 12 march 1994 .
 show me love is a song by japanese recording artist hikaru utada .
 american beautifu is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group the henningsens which hit no .
please , please baby is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit november 2 , 1987 .
s sad movies is a 1961 r b song first recorded by american singer sue thompson .
songs of experience is a song by american rock band the dandy warhols and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2000 ) .
 good sign is a song recorded by american singer emilia rydberg .
mala gente ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song from mexican pop group juanes .
the promise is a song by in this moment and featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter adrian patrick .
 addicted to love is a song written by robert palmer , and recorded by palmer for his 1986 album riptide .
kstarts is a song by english electronic group example .
say hello to the angels nyc is a song by english indie rock band interpol .
i swear is a song by american recording artist ice prince , featuring french montana and shaydee .
do n't make it easy for me is a song written by earl thomas conley and carson scruggs , and recorded by american country music artist earl wynnelson conley .
i still believe in waltzes is a song written by bob morrison , johnny macrae and michael dennis hughes , and recorded by american country music artists conway twitty and loretta lynn .
the line is a song recorded by american singer lisa stansfield .
catch me is a song by american freestyledance-pop band pretty poison .
these things will keep me loving you is a hit song performed by the american r b band the velvelettes and written by harvey fuqua , johnny bristol and sylvia moy .
at transformation is a song by the tragically hip hop band from their debut album , now for plan a ( 2012 ) .
you win my love is a song recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
dancing in the rain is a song by english singer ruth lorenzo from her debut studio album planeta azul ( 2014 ) .
after the fire is a song written by pete townshend and alan shacklock , and recorded by english musician roger daltrey .
hazy america is a 1970 r b song by james brown , included in the album hey america .
pink rain is a song by american r b group prince and the revolution .
you surround me is a 1989 song by english electronic group erasure .
the carroll county acciden is a song written by bob ferguson , and recorded by american country music artist porter wagoner .
lazy targe ( stylized as `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist b1a4 for her debut studio album it ( 2011 ) .
i need you to turn to is a 1970 song by elton john .
always is a song by american rock band the jesus and mary chain .
little cobra is a song written by carol connors and marshall h. connors , and recorded by american hot rod rock band the rip chords .
 washington bullets is a song by english rock band the clash .
it seems like you 're ready is a song by american r b singer r. kelly .
ghost on the dance floor is a song by blink-182 from their debut album , neighborhoods ( 2010 ) .
 cheveux longs et idées courtes is a song written by gilles thibaut and performed by american singer johnny hallyday .
 whiplash is a dance-pop song by american singer selena gomez the scene .
little by little is a song by american singer robert plant and songwriter jezz woodroffe .
jump for joy is a song recorded by 2 unlimited and released as the lead single from their 1996 album hits unlimited .
 legend in your own time is a song written by carly simon and produced by paul samwell-smith .
jippikayjei ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by japanese hip hop artist cheek .
never let you go is a song by english drum and bass band rudimental , featuring british singer-songwriter foy vance .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan which hit no .
together is a song by english singer-songwriter ryan o'shaughnessy .
 ruined in a day is a song by english hip hop recording artist new order .
we are your tomorrow is a song by american electronic group david lindgren .
i wan na live is a song written by john d. and carson campbell , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
 honky tonk blues is a song written by hank williams and fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
remember the time is a song recorded by american r b singer michael jackson , credited to jacksonteddy riley , and released as the lead single from his 1992 album , dangerous .
serious is a song by american singer gwen stefani from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 mozart 's house is a song by australian electronic group clean bandit , featuring vocals from japanese singer-songwriter love ssega .
lover me to death is a song written by peter farnan and richard pleasance , and performed by american rock band boom crash opera .
loved up is a song recorded by australian singer amy shark from her third studio album , love monster ( 2018 ) .
the rain is a song by american rapper missy `` elliott , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , supa dupa fly ( 1997 ) .
date rape is a song by american ska punk band sublime .
body shop is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
hallo spaceboy is a song by american industrial rock band david bowie , featuring vocals from american rock band pet shop boys and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
country club is a song written by catesby jones and dennis lord , and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt .
i wo n't back down is a song recorded by american country music artist tom petty , credited to petty , and released as the b-side to the album full moon fever .
 forever and for always is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
before i fall to pieces is a song by american indie rock band razorlight from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
down in the valley is a song written by bert berns and solomon burke and performed by american r b singer solomon nelson burke .
mama is a song by english glam rock band my chemical romance from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
move is a song by american alternative rock band lcd soundsystem that was released on november 8 , 2004 .
we 'll never let our old flag fa is a world war i song in the style of a march .
human is a song by english electronic group goldfrapp .
saying goodbye is a song by american rock group dave matthews band .
in a lonely place is a song by american glam rock band the smithereens featured on their 1986 album especially for you .
woman 's got ta have it is a hit song performed by womack and written by darryl carter and linda womack .
simple song is a song by english indie rock band the shins from their debut album , port of morrow ( 2012 ) .
7 is a song by american rock group prince and the new power generation .
light is a song by american electronic group wan na one , released as the third single from their third studio album , 1 ÷ x = 1 ( undivided ) .
 portrait is a song by american progressive rock band kansas .
i need is a song by american rapper sterling simms , featuring rapper jadakiss the-dream .
 victim of love is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure .
 expressway to your hear is a hit song performed by the soul survivors and written by kenny gamble and leon huff .
komakino is a song by english post-punk band joy division , released as a single on july 1980 .
 everglow is a song by english rock band coldplay from their debut studio album , a head full of dreams ( 2015 ) .
tell me something i do n't know is a song recorded by american singer selena gomez , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album another cinderella story ( 2008 ) .
t tom ford is a song by american hip hop artist jay-z from his debut studio album , magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) .
cadillac tears is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kevin denney .
there 's a light that 's burning in the little house upon the hi ( you 're not from texas ) is a world war i song written by joe goodwin and harry puck , and performed by walter m. dunk .
sink out the bone is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
weightless is a song by wet wet wet , released as the third single from their tenth studio album timeless .
dear to be stupid is a song by american singer-songwriter `` weird al '' yankovic .
night time is the right time is a song written by see text and performed by american r b singer nappy brown .
 roll that barrel ou is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody which hit no .
citysong is a song by american singer-songwriter luscious jackson .
catch a falling star is a song written by paul vance and lee pockriss , and performed by american teenage singer perry como .
it do n't drop i is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , brave ( 2008 ) .
the naked sun is a song performed by australian singer pandora .
no quiero saber ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group selena .
sh shy boy is a song by australian new wave band bananarama .
heart in hand is a song written by jackie deshannon and sharon sheeley and performed by american teenage singer brenda lee .
i 'm amazed is a 1970 song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
when i close my eyes is a song recorded by american singer shanice .
dear lullaby is a song written by jack whitemark spiro and laura branigan , and recorded by american singer-songwriter laura breanigan .
v voices is a song by american singer alice in chains from her debut studio album , the devil put dinosaurs here ( 2013 ) .
good evening , caroline is a world war i song written by albert von tilzer and jack norworth , and performed by american teenage singer billy murray .
sway and shine is a song recorded by the american rock band the cardigans , credited to peter svensson and magnus sveningsson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` after all '' single on january 1994 .
i 'm making believe is a song and single written by mack gordon and ella fitzgerald and performed by the ink spots and written by gordon with mike gordon .
in the morning is a song written by peter fernan and greg o'connor and performed by boom crash opera .
i 'm drunk is a song recorded by american rapper travis scott , featuring rapper justin bieber and young thug .
boys & girls is a 1999 song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her eighth studio album , loveppears ( 1999 ) .
dover is a song by american alternative rock band exo .
the killing of georgie is a song written by rod stewart and rosie '' ( us ) and recorded by stewart for his 1976 album a night on the town .
carrie anne is a song written by allan clarke , graham nash and tony hicks and recorded by english glam rock band the hollies .
color is a song by american rapper jason derulo from his third studio album , march 9 , 2018 ( 2018 ) .
gim me , gim me and patti austin is a song written by jeff cohen , preston glass and narada michael walden and performed by american singer-songwriter narada nelson .
the loner is a song by neil young , and is the lead track on young 's 1969 album neilyoung : wish you away .
i should be sleeping is a song recorded by american country music artist emerson drive .
the way love goes is a song by american singer-songwriter brian mcknight .
first day of my life is a song by american singer melanie c .
see you again is a song by american hip hop artist wiz khalifa from her debut studio album , furious 7 ( 2015 ) .
bawitdaba ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rock band kid rock .
nobody 's diary is a song by american synth-pop band yazoo .
earthworks is a song by australian alternative rock band kerbdog .
purpose is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album , november 13 , 2015 ( 2015 ) .
night songs is a song by american glam rock band cinderella .
do n't make me go is a song written by johnny cash and tennessee two .
essess is a 1970 song by johnny hallyday , included in the album vie .
insomniac 's lullaby is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
blood is a song by in this moment from their debut album , blood ( 2012 ) .
the gift that keeps giving is a song by super furry animals from their sixth album , hey venus !
move to miami ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper enrique iglesias from his third studio album , pitbull ( 2018 ) .
 rock awhile is a song written by goree carter and his hepcats .
locked in the trunk of a car is a song by the tragically hip that was first released on october 1992 .
we share our mothers ' hea is a song by english electronic group the knife from their second studio album silent shout ( 2006 ) .
dear it is a 1970 song written by lennon/mccartney and produced by phil spector .
one to another is a song by english alternative rock band the charlatans featured on their 1996 album tellin ' stories .
magic is a song by american singer robin thicke from his third studio album , something else ( 2008 ) .
is island in the sun is a song written by harry belafonte and irving burgie .
high is a song by american alternative rock band feeder , released in 1997 as the lead single from their sixth album , polythene .
mama 's rockin ' chair is a song written by tim mensy and johnny macrae , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
shoppin ' for clothes is a song written by elmo glickkent harris and mike stoller , and performed by american rock band the coasters .
dear shrimp blues is a song by robert johnson and written by johnson with don law .
so much better is a song by australian singer-songwriter sandro cavazza from his third studio album ( 2017 ) .
without love is a song by marc shaimanscott wittman , and the main theme song from his 2002 album hairspray .
 forever is a song by american musician kenny loggins .
be quiet is a song by american rapper pitbull from his sixth studio album el mariel ( 2006 ) .
gim me tha ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper chris brown from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
no guns allowed is a song by american recording artist snoop lion from her debut album reincarnated ( 2013 ) .
i 'm living in two worlds is a song written by jan crutchfield and george richey , and recorded by american country music artist bonnie guitar .
three marlenas is a song by the american rock band the wallflowers featured on their 1996 album bringing down the horse .
iy is a song by english indie rock band frank ocean from their debut studio album , blonde ( 2016 ) .
lazy summer breeze is a song by eddie heywood and is the b-side to his 1956 album , edzie heywood .
under the influence is a song by american recording artist vanity .
lotta woman is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her third studio album , meaning of life ( 2017 ) .
la parranda ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group gloria estefan .
 femme fatale is a song by the velvet underground and nico .
 career opportunities is a song by the clash that was first released on 8 april 1977 .
 easter theatre is a 1999 song by xtc that was first released as a b-side on 2 april 1999 .
rather be is a song by english alternative rock band the verve from their third studio album forth .
sash ! is a song by british trance and eurodance band sash ! from their second album , s4 ( 2002 ) .
doggin ' around is a song and single written by lena agree and performed by american singer jackie wilson .
 cloudy is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter simon garfunkel .
my broken heart is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
ca n't nobody is a dance-pop song by american singer kelly rowland from her second studio album , simply deep ( 2002 ) .
 knock you down is a song by american recording artist keri hilson , featuring rapper ne-yo , from her debut studio album in a perfect world ( 2009 ) .
 rosso relativo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group tiziano ferro .
why do we want is a song written by don king and david woodward , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
 how long will my baby be gone is a song written by buck owens , and recorded by american country music artist buck iñelson .
stair into love is a song by british singer-songwriter hannah mancini from her debut studio album slovenia ( 2007 ) .
the 13 is a song by the cure that was first released on 22 april 1996 .
more than fine is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot .
cry is a song by american singer kym marsh , released as the second single from her debut studio album , standing tall ( 2002 ) .
lucky trauma is a song by american singer p!nk from her third studio album , beautiful trauma ( 2017 ) .
you love me is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter rita ora for her third studio album , phoenix ( 2018 ) .
post self is a song by english industrial rock band godflesh from their third studio album , post self ( 2017 ) .
s superstar is a song by japanese recording artist ice prince from his debut studio album , everybody loves ice prince ( 2011 ) .
blind man is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith featured on their 1994 album big ones .
9 lives is a song recorded by american singer alexandra stan , featuring rapper jahmmi , from her third studio album alesta ( 2017 ) .
i wan na come over is a song recorded by american country music group alabama .
speed is a song by english rock group billy idol , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 1994 ) .
burning house is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cam .
 rhythm of love is a song recorded by american eurodance band dj company .
i need a miracle is a song recorded by american singer tara mcdonald , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , miracle ( 2015 ) .
loverin ' you is a dance-pop song by american singer kristine w .
ulysses is a song by american indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her debut studio album , tonight fran ferdinand ( 2008 ) .
the rain song is the sixth song of Led zeppelin 's debut album , houses of the holy .
songs of experience is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
more mess is a song by american hip hop artist kungs released on 4 august 2017 , as the third single from his third studio album , house of barclay ( 2017 ) .
come on back is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carlene carter .
my girlfriend is a song by american rock band relient k .
thinking of you is a song by american singer-songwriter hanson from her 1996 album middle of nowhere .
welcome home is a song by american glam rock band coheed and cambria .
lover is me , love is you is a song written by tony hatch and jackie trent , and recorded by american singer connie francis .
ice cream truck is a song by american rapper cazwell from his debut album , watch my mouth ( 2010 ) .
our frank is a 1991 song by morrissey , included in the album , kill uncle .
rest in pieces is a song by the japanese alternative rock band saliva .
rollin is a song by american rapper calvin harris from his debut studio album funk wav bounces vol ( 2017 ) .
lover is all that matters is a song by the human league that was first released on 3 october 1988 .
dear on your love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brett eldredge .
lazy about us is a song by american hip hop band avant , featuring guest vocals from american singer nicole scherzinger , from her second studio album , director ( 2006 ) .
she did i is a song by american singer eric carmen .
 medicate is a song by australian alternative rock band afi .
that 's when i reach for my revolver is a song by the american rock band mission of burma .
free me is a song by english singer emma bunton from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
lazy liar is a song by american hip hop duo beyoncé and shakira .
dreamworld is a song by american singer robin thicke from his debut studio album , something else ( 2009 ) .
 how to be a heartbreaker is a song by american singer marina and the diamonds from their debut studio album electra heart ( 2013 ) .
lover every minute is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark wills .
 harper valley pta is a song written by tom t. hall , and recorded by american country music artist jeannie c. riley .
lilla fågeln is a song written by karin gustafsson , and recorded by stig lorentz .
dance on the ceiling is a world war i era march song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
but i love you is a song by american singer miki howard .
stuck down is a song by american singer mary j. blige from her debut studio album , growing pains ( 2008 ) .
lover here is a song written by holland and dozier and performed by american r b singer eddie hollander .
you and the night and the music is a world war i era march song by arthur schwartz and howard dietz .
uncle john from jamaica is a 2000 song by wessel van diepen and dennis van den driesschen , featuring vocals from british recording artist vengaboys .
lady hit squad is a song recorded by american recording artist skepta for her debut studio album konnichiwa ( 2015 ) , featuring guest vocals from d double e and asap nast .
if we ever meet again is a song by american rapper timbaland from his debut studio album shock value ii ( 2010 ) .
life ai n't fair and the world is mean is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sturgill simpson .
reason is a song by the best of no angels from their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
satellite is a song by american punk rock band rise against .
sgun gir is a song recorded by american country music band the janedear girls and featuring vocals from american teenage singer-songwriter danelle leverettderic ruttan .
pocket full of gold is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit no .
sun is a song by american singer cheryl from her debut studio album a million lights ( 2012 ) .
angel is a song by american singer amanda perez from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
l-o-n-e-l-y is a song written for lonely nights by bobby vinton and performed by vinton .
another place to fa is a song by australian indie rock band kt tunstall from their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
no more blue horizons is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band china crisis .
i mean i is a song by american rapper g-eazy from his debut studio album these things happen ( 2014 ) .
maybe is a song by american singer toni braxton from her second studio album , the heat ( 2001 ) .
 parachute is a song performed by otto knows and released as a single on june 2014 .
nobody wants to be alone is a song written by michael masser and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
 fever is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith that first appeared in 1992 on their second album , get a grip .
bony eyes is a song written by bob welch , and recorded by welch for his 1978 album french kiss .
 for emily , whenever i may find her is a song written by paul simon and rosemary and performed by american singer-songwriter simon garfunkel .
i 'm your man is a song written by leonard cohen , and recorded by american singer-songwriter leonardi cohen .
foreign affair is a song written by tony joe white , and recorded by american singer tina turner .
girls talk is a song written by elvis costello , and recorded by american rock singer dave edmunds .
chance are is a song written by al stillman and robert allen and performed by american teenage singer johnny mathis 1 .
who run i is a song by american hip hop recording artist three 6 mafia .
never young is a song by american rock and roll artist bob dylan .
 ashes of the dawn is a song by american power metal band dragonforce from their sixth album , reaching into infinity ( 2017 ) .
never really wanted is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eric paslay .
 how many more years is a song by howlin ' wolf and tennessee .
all die ganzen jahre is a 1990 song by the german rock band die toten hosen .
lover will turn you around is a song written by kenny rogers , david malloy and thom schuyler , and recorded by american country music artist kenny cogers .
 amico è ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by dario baldan bembo and sergio bardotti and performed by argentine singer-songwriter caterina caselli .
i ca n't be myself is a song written by merle haggard and the strangers .
 invisible sun is a song by the police that was first released on 25 september 1981 .
s sweating bullets is a song by american hard rock band megadeth that first appeared in 1993 on their 1992 album countdown to extinction .
the tunnel of love is a song by fun boy three that was first released on 3 september 1983 .
an honest mistake is a song by english indie rock band the bravery from their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
 august 30th is a song by english glam rock band delirious .
tear secretary is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
i 'm going to follow the boys is a world war i song composed by james v. monaco .
i ca n't see me without you is a song written by conway twitty and owen bradley , and recorded by twitty .
all the feels is a song recorded by renaida for her third studio album , renaida ( 2018 ) .
i do n't want to be is a song by american singer gavin degraw from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
i want for christmas is you is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
lisztomania ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english indie rock band phoenix from their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
for you is a song by american rapper kenny lattimore .
this is mine is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released in 1984 as the lead single from their debut album how men are .
s san franciscan nights is a song written by burdon , briggs and weider , and recorded by american country music group eric burdon and the animals .
 ( and that 's no lie ) is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released on january 1985 as the lead single from their sixth studio album how men are .
novo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song by argentine singer laura pausini from her eighth studio album , fatti sentire ( 2018 ) .
kiss of life is a song by american singer sade .
drink to that all nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jerrod niemann .
come back is a song by english singer-songwriter jessica garlick from her debut studio album united kingdom ( 2007 ) .
caden 's song is a song by american singer-songwriter david beggan union state .
i know is a song by luther vandross from his 1998 album i know .
flying is a song by english country music artist chas dave 1 .
 butterfly is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
lover is a song by american reggae fusion band snow .
lover is a 1991 song by australian singer-songwriter julian cope .
lady and gentlemen is a song by the american rock band saliva .
 legends is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kelsea ballerini .
first is a song by american indie rock band cold war kids from their debut album , hold my home ( 2015 ) .
the animal song is the sixth song of australia 's tenth studio album , affirmation ( 1999 ) .
sun goodge stree is a song by english singer-songwriter donovan .
 chrome is a song written by chris stein , and recorded by american singer debbie harry .
be young , be foolish , be happy is a hit song performed by r b group the tams and written by ray whitley and j.r. cobb .
fire on the mountain is a song written by george mccorkle , and recorded by american country music group the marshall tucker band .
town called malice is a song by the american rock band the jam .
 andalouse ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer kendji girac .
lover life is a song recorded by australian eurodance singer alcazar .
 emerald is a song by english rock and roll band thin lizzy featured on their 1976 album jailbreak .
sway is a song by american rock group p.o.d .
 alagados ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by bi ribeiro , joão barone and herbert vianna and performed by os paralamas do sucesso .
when is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .
lola montez is a song by american rock band volbeat .
the thing to do is a song by english singer glenn lewis .
believe in me is a song by the pierces from their debut album , creation ( 2014 ) .
dream walkin ' is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith .
waiting for the end is a song by american alternative rock band linkin park from their third studio album a thousand suns ( 2010 ) .
sour milk sea is a song by english singer-songwriter jackie lomax .
sky is a song by american electronic group titanium .
stair dancer is a song by australian recording artist avicii .
stand is a 1989 song by american rock band r.e.m .
 anna mä meen is a song performed by estonian hip hop artist cheek , featuring vocals from jonne aaron , from her debut studio album sokka irti ( 2012 ) .
i was a foo is a song by american singer tegan and sara .
the connecticut marc is a world war i song composed by william nassann and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
 por lo que reste de vida ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer thalía .
i promise you is a song recorded by american singer samantha fox , credited to van geldern , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` suzie '' single on october 1987 .
this time make it funky is a song by american singer tracie spencer .
better is a song recorded by american country music artist maggie rose , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , cut to impress ( 2013 ) .
new san antonio rose is a world war i song written by bob wills and his texas playboys .
never in a million years is a song recorded by american singer laura branigan .
kithay nain ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian singer-songwriter reshma .
passenger is a song by powderfinger from their 1999 album , internationalist .
it 's got to be is a song recorded by american singer jeanette .
sum love is a song recorded by american rapper justin timberlake , it was released as the third single from his tenth studio album , futuresex/lovesounds ( 2007 ) .
trouble is a song by american glam rock band pink , released as the third single from their debut studio album the truth about love .
when doves cry is a song by american singer-songwriter prince .
the shape i 'm in is a 1970 song by american roots rock band the band .
lotta lovin ' is a song written by fats dominodave bartholomew and `` coquette '' and performed by american r b singer fats domino .
sally 's pigeons is a christmas song written by cyndi lauper and mary chapin carpenter .
everything is awesome is a song by american duo tegan and sara , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , the lonely island ( 2014 ) .
shakermaker is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1994 album definitely maybe .
dónde está el amor ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group pablo alborán released on 30 september 2013 , as the first single off his eighth studio album tanto .
strong in the sun is a song by american singer-songwriter tír na nóg .
nobody likes sad songs is a song written by bob mcdill and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
the right thing to do is a song by american singer-songwriter carly simon .
back from the edge is a song by american hip hop artist james arthur .
2 become 1 is a song by american jewel , released as the second single from the band 's sixth studio album , 0304 .
human beings is a song by the american rock band seal , released in 1998 as the lead single from their eighth studio album , human being .
 neon moon is a song written by ronnie dunn , and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
mots sur un piano ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song composed by jean-jacques goldman and christine ricol and performed by american singer-songwriter patrick fiori .
 euphoria is a song by english electronic group usher , released as the third single from their debut studio album , looking 4 myself .
back up is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i .
héroe favorito ( english : `` favorite hero '' ) is a song by argentine singer-songwriter romeo santos from his eighth studio album , golden ( 2017 ) .
the lord is a song written by barry gibb and maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artist bee gees .
on the side of angels is a song written by gary burr and gerry house , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .
my love is a 1989 song by english europop band london boys , included in the album the twelve commandments of dance .
if you go is a song recorded by jon secada and released as the second single from his 1994 album , heart , soul a voice .
 spaceship is a song by the american rock band puddle of mudd .
the feast and the famine is a song by american punk rock band foo fighters from their debut album , sonic highways ( 2014 ) .
flaming youth is a song by american hard rock band kiss .
stess dominic 's preview is a song by van morrison that was first released on july 1972 .
sinner is a song by the american rock band drowning pool from their second album , sinner ( 2002 ) .
sway is a 2000 song by american singer gabrielle .
 hundred million is a song by american punk rock band treble charger that first appeared in 2002 on the soundtrack to their second studio album , detox .
 chi chi ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist azealia banks from her debut studio album fantasea ii the second wave ( 2017 ) .
lucky i wan na cry is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
doing it is a song by american singer charli xcx from her debut studio album , sucker ( 2015 ) .
if i ca n't have you is a song by english disco artist bee gees , written by barry and robin maurice gibb and performed by gees .
ssenza una donna ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english rockbluessoft rock band zucchero and paul young .
down the road is a song written and recorded by american country music artist mac mcanally .
ching-a-ling is a song by american rapper missy elliott from her debut album , step up 2 the streets ( 2008 ) .
one more time is a 1999 song by laura pausini and richard marx .
the day that my heart caught fire is a song written by harry vanda and george young , and recorded by american singer john paul young .
i want u is a song recorded by american singer alison wonderland , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , calm down ( 2014 ) .
just like fire would is a song by the saints featured on their 1986 album all fools day .
in your eyes is a song by american rapper peter gabriel from his 1986 album so .
treed sou is a song by american singer michael calfan from his debut studio album , january 12 , 2015 ( 2015 ) .
 buddy holly is a song by american alternative rock band weezer .
 gertcha ( english : `` and i ca n't give a monkey '' ) is a song by english singer chas dave .
6969 is a song by american glam rock band ninja sex party , released as the lead single from their sixth studio album , attitude city ( 2015 ) .
what 's come over you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist paul brandt .
 supplies is a song recorded by american rapper justin timberlake , it was released as the third single from his third studio album , man of the woods ( 2018 ) .
s sentimental is a song by american singer deborah cox .
i will never leave you is a song recorded by australian dance-pop band euphoria .
my hand is a song written by dave davies and with the kinks .
shame girl is a song by argentine electronic group slimmy .
i apologize is a world war i song written by al hoffman , al goodhart and ed nelson and performed by el goodhart .
it comes is a song by american glam rock band strawbs and is the lead track on their 1972 album `` tomorrow '' .
something i need is a song by american gospel music band onerepublic .
shadowtime is a 1991 song by siouxsie and the banshees .
i ever wanted is a song by australian singer aranda from her debut studio album , aranda ( 2008 ) .
 te lo agradezco , pero no ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latina pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer alejandro sanz released on 11 december 2006 , as the first single off his eighth studio album el tren de los momentos ( 2006 ) .
torn in two is a song recorded by american rapper breaking benjamin , it was released as the third single from his eighth studio album , ember ( 2018 ) .
never gon na let you go is a song by english singer esthero from her debut studio album , everything is expensive ( 2012 ) .
burn is a song by the american glam rock band deep purple , released as the second single from their debut album , burn ( 1974 ) .
mercedes boy is a 1988 r bdance-pop song by american recording artist pebbles .
escalator of life is a song by american musician robert hazard .
 muzzle is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their 1996 album mellon collie and the infinite sadness .
i miss you is a song by american rock band badfinger .
between i belong is a song by american hip hop band linkin park from their second album , meteora ( 2002 ) .
here 's that rainy day is a world war i song written by johnny burke and dolores gray .
i know what i like is a song by english rock and roll band huey lewis and the news .
i do n't want to do i is a song by american hip hop artist george harrison .
i never forget is a song by the american rock band split enz , written by tim finn and produced by david tickle .
 heartbeat away is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , featuring rapper jeff trott , from her debut studio album , april 21 , 2017 .
boss of me is a song by american rock band they might be giants .
ca n't stop thinking about you is a song by george harrison and is the lead track on his debut album extra texture ( 1975 ) .
my arms stay open all nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
all hung up in your green eyes is a song written by sandy posey , and recorded by american singer-songwriter sandy Posey .
no man 's land is a song by japanese singer kumi koda .
it 's a great day to be alive is a song written by darrell scott , and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt .
till the world ends is a dance-pop song by britney spears from her debut studio album femme fatale ( 2011 ) .
independent women is a song recorded by american recording artist destiny 's child , credited to beyoncé knowlescory rooneysamuel barnesjean and released as the b-side to the american christmas song , survivor ( 2000 ) .
c'est la vie ( english : `` time waits for no one '' ) is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie nevil .
the rain is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
baby baby baby is a song by american singer joss stone from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
shiftwork is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artists kenny chesney and george strait .
from zero to hero is a dance-pop song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album , naughty but nice ( 2005 ) .
 sweetest sin is a song by american singer jessica simpson from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
 torches is a song by american singer daughtry from her debut studio album it 's not over ( 2016 ) .
one thing is a song by american alternative rock band finger eleven , released on september 9 , 2003 as the lead single from their sixth studio album , finger eleven .
all things go is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , the pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
years after you is a song written by thom schuyler , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
but you do n't care is a song by american glam rock band mi-sex , released as the second single from their debut album , graffiti crimes .
do n't fence me in is a world war i era march song composed by robert fletcher and cole porter .
all my life is a song written by dave robbins , jeff silbar and van stephenson , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
to love you is a song by american singer gwen stefani from her debut studio album this is what the truth feels like ( 2015 ) .
mistake is a song written by richard feldman and garth fundis , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
it 's a cowboy lovin ' nig is a song written by ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
what you get is what you see is a song written by terry brittengraham lyle , and recorded by american country music artist tina turner .
berry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts which hit no .
drama queen is a song by dq , and the main theme song from the eurovision song contest 2001 .
first of the gang to die is a song by morrissey from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
l'ombre ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her debut studio album , monkey me ( 2012 ) .
out of touc is a dance-rock song by daryl hall and john oates and is the lead track on their debut album big bam boom .
somed is a song by american record producer cece rogers .
sure thing is a song by american r b singer miguel .
the grand tour is a song written by norro wilson , carmol taylor and george richey and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
the way love goes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jamie warren .
 silence is talking is a song by reverend and the makers of indie rock .
waking lig is a song by the american singer-songwriter beck .
treat 'em rig is a 1991 song by american hip hop band chubb rock .
the dream takes you is a song written by diane warrenjames newton howard , and recorded by american singer mýa .
with you is a song recorded by american singer jessica simpson .
do n't go away mad is a 1989 song by glam rock band mötley crüe .
my a is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
another lonely night is a song recorded by american singer adam lambert for his debut studio album the original high ( 2015 ) .
can you is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
home of the blues is a song written by johnny cash andillie mcalpinglillie , and recorded by american country music artist johnnycash .
ca n't stop feeling is a song by american singer-songwriter franz ferdinand from her debut studio album , tonight fran ferdinand ( 2009 ) .
higher state of consciousness is a song by american singer-songwriter josh wink from his 1995 album left above the clouds .
trashed is a song by australian hard rock band black sabbath that was first released on 7 august 1983 .
mñeca crue ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by san francisco and california , and recorded by american latin pop singer enrique iglesias .
start all over is a song recorded by american singer miley cyrus .
baby you 're rig is a 1961 r b song by american r b singer joe tex .
lover sign is a song by american r b singer nona gaye prince from her 1994 album 1-800-new-funk .
lucky crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke combs which hit no .
s smackwater jack is a song by american singer-songwriter carole king from her debut studio album , tapestry ( 1971 ) .
the last journey home is a song by american power metal band dragonforce .
lover go for tonig is a song recorded by american glam rock band foxes , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , glorious ( 2014 ) .
cell 's dead is a song by english singer-songwriter beck .
generation love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jennette mccurdy .
light the universe is a song by the american rock band helloween from their sixth album , keeper of the seven keys ( 2006 ) .
my big john is a song written by j. dean , ira louvin and charlie louvin , and recorded by american country music artist dottie west .
puede amar ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer pablo alborán released on 22 april 2016 .
family reunion is a 1999 song by blink-182 that was first released as a b-side by the band on june 1 , 1999 .
dangled is a song by american rock band maroon 5 .
 aoi ( stylized as `` and i caoi '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist sakanaction for her debut studio album , saponaction ( 2013 ) .
what you preach is a 1989 song by the american thrash metal band testament .
 nunca te olvidaré ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter enrique iglesias released on november 2 , 1998 , as the first single off his eighth studio album cosas del amor .
lover me serenade you is a song written by john finley and richard podolor , and recorded by american rock band three dog night .
storytime is a song by nightwish from their debut album imaginaerum ( 2011 ) .
you 'll always find your way back home is a song written and recorded by american country music artist hannah montana .
a murder of one is a song by american rock band counting crows that first appeared in 1995 on their sixth studio album august and everything after .
lover her madly is a song by the doors featured on their 1971 album l. woman .
football song is a song by american singer matt fishel from her debut studio album , not thinking straight ( 2010 ) .
do what you want is a song by american alternative rock band ok go .
hop is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ami suzuki for her third studio album around the world ( 2005 ) .
dance with somebody is a song by australian alternative rock band mando diao .
wheel of fortune is a song by australian hip hop band ace of base .
 reaction is a song by american singer-songwriter rebbie jackson .
it out is a song by american hip hop band slipknot .
that ki ( stylized as `` looks that ki '' ) is a song by japanese glam rock band mötley crüe .
christmas eve is a christmas eve song performed by american singer kelly clarkson .
tall tales taste like sour grapes is a song by australian art rock band fair to midland .
 truly is a song written by lionel richie and james anthony carmichael .
bills , bills , bills and bills is a song by destiny 's child from her 1999 album the writing 's on the wall .
on the horizon is a song by american singer melanie c , released as the second single from her debut studio album , reason ( 2002 ) .
stairfighter pilot is a song by the american hard rock band snow patrol that first appeared in 1999 on uk records ' tamla label .
s scream is a song by 2ne1 from their debut studio album , collection ( japanese : `` jump in the line '' ) .
time is a song by american soft rock band the alan parsons project .
 paris by night is a dance-pop song by american singer amanda lear from her second studio album , 2005 ) .
like a dog is a song by powderfinger from their sixth album odyssey number five .
guerriero ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by marco mengoni and fortunato zampaglione and is the main theme song from the greek film parole in circolo .
 pride of america is a world war i song in the style of a march .
sway by fai is a song by jeremy camp from his second studio album , stay ( 2002 ) .
anything could happen is a song by english singer-songwriter ellie goulding from her debut studio album , halcyon ( 2012 ) .
dear in a new dress is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
vulnerable is a song by english glam rock band roxette from their 1995 album , crash ! .
no time is a song by the american indie rock band whiteout .
we come 1 is a song by american trance and electronic group faithless .
no fool , no more is a song by english glam rock band en vogue .
ride ou is a song by american hip hop recording artist kid ink , tyga , wale and yg and released as the lead single from his debut ep , furious 7 ( 2015 ) .
save forever for you is a song recorded by american singer shanice .
always your girl is a 1989 song by american singer paula abdul .
the violence is a song by the american rock band rise against .
dhreko choli ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by indira joshi and nischal basnet , and recorded by british duo indira .
hard days and honky tonk nights is a song written by earl thomas conley and randy scruggs , and recorded by american country music artist earl conley .
 mangos ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by dee libbey and sid wayne and performed by american singer rosemary clooney .
turn around , look at me is a 1961 song by jerry capehart , first recorded as a b-side by glen campbell .
put it on is a song by american hip hop recording artist big l , featuring rapper kid capri , from his 1994 album lifestylez ov da poor dangerous .
sway on loosely is a song written by don barnes , jeff carlisi and jim peterik , and recorded by american rock band 38 special .
come clean is a song by american singer hilary duff from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
silvia ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter miike snow from her debut studio album miike Snow ( 2010 ) .
the hunger is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve holy .
 godless is a song by american singer-songwriter courtney taylor-taylor .
everything you 've done wrong is a song by american rock band sloan .
dance-pop nation is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter janet jackson .
do n't wan na dance is a song recorded by english electronic group mø , released as the third single from their debut studio album no mythologies to follow .
ca n't go back is a song by american rock band primal scream from their sixth studio album , beautiful future ( 2008 ) .
nothing really matters is a song by american singer madonna from her 1999 album ray of light .
dearise is a song and single written by neil levenson and performed by american randy the rainbows .
what do i care is a song written and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
fall out is a song by the police that was first released on 1 may 1977 .
your kiss is swee is a song by american singer syreeta .
s seek & destroy is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
 ma baker is a song by australian singer boney m .
just drive is a song by alistair griffin from his debut studio album albion sky ( 2010 ) .
big hear is a song written by dave gibson and blue miller , and recorded by american country music group gibson/miller band .
one of the few is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd that first appeared in 1983 on their debut album the final cut .
give it up is a song by american glam rock band kc and the sunshine band .
 üç kalp ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by hepsi from her second studio album , bir ( 2005 ) .
dear doctor is a song by british singer-songwriter loïc nottet released on 30 october 2017 .
schoolin ' life is a song recorded by american singer beyoncé for her debut studio album 4 ( 2011 ) .
saying god smile is a song by various american christian rock band making god smile .
i 'm into you is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez , featuring rapper lil wayne , from her debut studio album , love ? ( 2011 ) .
remember you is a song by american hip hop artist wiz khalifa from her debut studio album , o.i .
quand le film est triste ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1961 r b song by sue thompson .
i got you babe is a song written by sonny bono and performed by american teenage singer sonny cher .
fastlove is a song by american r bdisco artist george michael .
the rain , the park & other things is a song by artie kornfeld and steve duboff and is the lead track on their debut album the cowsills ( 1967 ) .
lick it up is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .
just a little while is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the lead single from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
cry is a song by american country music artist godley creme .
save my hear is a song by the american rock band yes .
the bed 's too big without you is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album reggatta de blanc in 1980 .
fjögur píanó ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by sigur rós , released as the third single from his debut studio album valtari .
stand by you is a song recorded by american singer rachel platten for her debut studio album , wildfire ( 2015 ) .
a thing called love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jerry reed .
never ever let you go is a song written by stefan teilmann laub nielsen and thomas brekling , and recorded by british singer-songwriter denmark .
i ca n't forget about you is a song by american rock group late ! .
shut up and dance is a song by american indie rock band walk the moon .
zamboni ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by martin zellar , and recorded by american country music group gear daddies .
war child is a song by the american new wave band blondie .
i have to give is a song by american r b band backstreet boys featured on their 1996 album backstreet 's back .
the rivers of belief is a song by the american new age band enigma .
tun vision is a song recorded by american rapper justin timberlake , it was released as the lead single from his debut studio album , the 20/20 experience ( 2013 ) .
heart of the sunrise is a song by the american progressive rock band yes .
the look is a 1989 song by australian glam rock band roxette .
 au pays de gandhi ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist mc solaar .
fíjate bien ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop group juanes released on september 16 , 2000 .
lip of an ange is a song by american rock band hinder .
unbreakable is a song recorded by australian alternative rock band birds of tokyo .
tennessee river is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
more is a song by american glam rock band the sisters of mercy and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1990 ) .
 faded love and winter roses is a song written by fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
dance your head is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney from his 2007 album memory almost full .
another rock and roll christmas is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with edward john and seago and produced by mike leander .
everything changes is a song by english singer-songwriter julian lennon from her debut studio album 2 october 2011 .
true love is a 1988 song by american singer glenn frey .
 seemed like a good idea at the time is a song by the darkness that was first released on 2005 .
a.d. is a song by american rock band korn .
new leve is a song by american rapper asap ferg from his debut studio album always strive and prosper ( 2015 ) .
 how wonderful you are is a song by american jazz musician gordon haskell .
 wonderous stories is a song by the american progressive rock band yes .
one wish is a song by japanese recording artist hiroshima .
 808 is a song recorded by american singer jane zhang , it was released as the third single from her third studio album november 21 , 2017 .
the girl is mine is a song by american singer michael jackson and songwriter paul mccartney .
heard it all before is a song by american singer sunshine anderson .
new song is a song by warpaint from their debut album , heads up ( 2016 ) .
favorite song is a song by american singer colbie caillat from her debut studio album all of you ( 2012 ) .
 rock-a-billy is a song written by woody harris and eddie v. deane , and performed by american country music artist guy mitchell .
if there 's a rocket is a song by english alternative rock band snow patrol from their tenth studio album a hundred million suns .
dear är över nu is a song written by per gessle and michael ilbert , recorded by gyllene tider and released as a single on 8 may 1995 .
sway is a song by american singer benjamin ingrosso from his third studio album , identification ( 2018 ) .
songs of experience is a song by english singer dannii minogue .
i is a song by american rock band kiss .
china grove is a song by american hard rock band the doobie brothers and is the lead track on their debut album the captain and me .
pipe dreams is a song by nelly furtado from his debut studio album the ride ( 2015 ) .
bouncing off the walls is a song by the american rock band sugarcult , released as the lead single from their second album , start static ( 2001 ) .
troupentine is a song by american alternative rock band hole .
something in the way she moves is a song by british singer-songwriter james taylor .
it 's your move is a song by doug parkinson , included in the album heartbeat to heartbeat .
 elmostahil makainsh febali ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by oussama belhcen from her debut studio album nebda men rassi ( 2015 ) .
 freakin ' ou is a song by american singer graham coxon from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in magazines ) .
betty 's bein ' bad is a song written by marshall chapman , and recorded by american country music artist sawyer brown .
higher is a dance-pop song by american singer gloria estefan from her 1996 album destiny .
lazy is a song by american recording artist fergie , featuring rapper ludacris , from her third studio album , the dutchess ( 2007 ) .
mixed-up confusion is a song by american singer bob dylan and is the b-side to it .
breat in is a song by english singer-songwriter lucie silvas from her second studio album , breathe in ( 2005 ) .
look on the floor is a dance-pop song by australian band bananarama from their second studio album , drama ( 2005 ) .
s typical male is a song by american singer tina turner .
the one you love is a song recorded by american singer paulina rubio .
good die young is a song by american glam rock band divinyls and is the lead track on their debut album what a life !
give a little love is a song written by paul kennerley , and recorded by american country music group the judds .
 eyes may shine is a song by american rapper xzibit .
do n't expect me to be your friend is a song written by roland kent lavoie and carson leeie and performed by american soft rock band lobo .
something 's got ta give is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .
 heaven only knows is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist emmylou harris which hit no .
when it 's time is a song by american alternative rock band green day that first appeared in 2010 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie american idiot .
good grief is a song by american alternative rock band bastille from their debut studio album , wild world ( 2016 ) .
l nostro concerto ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by umberto bindi and giorgio calabrese and performed by bindi .
it 's late is a song by american rock band queen .
ah , and we do it like this is a song by american hip hop recording artist onyx .
i drink i smoke is a song by american hip hop recording artist belly .
dance band on the titanic is a song written and performed by harry chapin .
strong enough to save is a song by american rock band tenth avenue north , released as the lead single from their tenth studio album the light meets the dark .
 patience is a song by the american soft rock band take that .
enemy is a 1999 song by the american rock band days of the new .
i was made for dancin ' is a song written by michael lloyd and scotti brothers and performed by british singer-songwriter leif garrett .
break alone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox which hit no .
only wan na give it to you is a song by american singer elle varner from her debut studio album , perfectly imperfect ( 2011 ) .
s soldiers is a song recorded by abba for their 1981 album the visitors .
philadelphia freedom is a song by elton john band and bernie taupin .
the way we are is a song by english singer alesha dixon from her debut studio album do it for love ( 2015 ) .
jos mä oisin sun mies ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by jontte valosaari and featuring vocals from elastinen , from his debut studio album haastaja ( 2012 ) .
give me the reason is a song by american r b singer luther vandross .
all in is a song by american alternative rock band lifehouse from their debut album , smoke mirrors ( 2010 ) .
the one momen is a song by ok go from their sixth studio album , hungry ghosts ( 2015 ) .
asap is a song by american recording artist t.i .
wild , wild west is a song written by emi and atlantic , and recorded by american country music group the escape club .
i n't i running is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
lover is a 1999 song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her eighth studio album loveppears .
do it again is a song by american singer shakira from her debut studio album , she wolf ( 2009 ) .
papercut is a song by american hip hop band linkin park .
first love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her 1999 studio album first love .
i wonder who 's kissing her now is a world war i song composed by joseph e. howard and harold orlob .
mind your manners is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the lead single from the band 's debut studio album , lightning bolt ( 2013 ) .
stboy is a song by english drum and bass band the weeknd featuring british singer-songwriter abel tesfayeguy-manuel de homem .
chase the sun is a song by planet funk from their second album , non zero sumness ( 2001 ) .
mount of love is a song written and performed by harold dorman which hit no .
payback is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts .
you you you is a song written by peter shelley and recorded by american singer alvin stardust .
break is a 1999 song by american rock band queensrÿche .
so much more is a song by american rapper fat joe from his second studio album , all or nothing ( 2005 ) .
do n't ask me why is a song written by fred wise and ben weisman , and recorded by elvis presley .
lover reunited is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
it goes like this is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett .
all or nothing is a song written by steve marriott and ronnie lane 1 , and recorded by english rock and roll band small faces .
one is a song by australian singer-songwriter sky ferreira .
before you kill us a is a song written by max t. barneskeith follesé , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
hard to say is a song by american singer dan fogelberg .
my baby 's got good timing is a song written by bob mcdilldan seals , and recorded by american country music artist dan seals .
 cowboy song is a song written by phil lynott and brian downey , and recorded by american rock band thin lizzy .
take it like a man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michelle wright .
do n't wan na be left out good-day ray is a song by powderfinger from their second album , internationalist ( 1998 ) .
sway up is a song by the american hard rock band jet .
touch-a , touch-a and touch me is a song written by susan sarandon , barry bostwick and patricia quinn and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter little nell .
all that she wants is a song by australian recording artist ace of base .
 ganz in weiß is a song written by rolf arland and kurt hertha , and performed by english teenage singer roy black .
 dreams is a song by english singer gabrielle from her 1992 album , find your way .
dance cannon is a song by english drum and bass band flux pavilion released on 19 march 2011 .
uncle sammy , take care of my gir is a world war i song composed by betty morgan and composed by jimmie morgan .
boy oh boy is a song written by amanda wilkinson and steve wilkinson , and recorded by american country music group the wilkinsons .
one on one is a song by american singer hall oates .
living of the night is a song by austin mahonerobert van de corputonor pattonsam graybenjamin dmsleystevce , and the main theme song from the german film dirty work .
dearious is a song by american recording artist david guetta , featuring guest vocals from american singer tara mcdonald , from his sixth studio album , pop life ( 2008 ) .
on down the line is a song written by kostas and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .
sleepless is a song recorded by english singer eric saade , released as the third single from her tenth studio album ` masquerade ' .
living without you is a song by american randy newman , first released as a b-side on june 1968 .
the conjuring is a song by american thrash metal band megadeth that was first released on september 19 , 1986 .
million miles an hour is a song by american rock band nickelback from their debut studio album no fixed address ( 2014 ) .
the days of sand and shovels is a song written by doyle marshgeorge reneau , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
the games that daddies play is a song written by conway twitty , ken brodies and tennessee and recorded by twitty for his 1976 studio album greatest hits vol .
the dream come true is a song recorded by american eurodance artist dj bobo .
wild is a song by american singer namie amuro from her debut studio album past future ( 2009 ) .
self esteem is a song by american punk rock band the offspring , released on december 22 , 1994 as the second single from their eighth studio album , smash ( 1994 ) .
the one is a song by american hip hop artist marsha ambrosius from her debut studio album , cruel summer ( 2012 ) .
s ` attache ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer christophe maé .
broken machine is a song by british synth-pop band zowie .
s smile is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist uncle kracker .
sway talk is a song by american glam rock band jellybean and is the lead track on their debut album wotupski !?! .
laut aa is a song by american electronic dance artist sanjoy deb , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter sunidhi chauhan , from her debut studio album abla ( 2013 ) .
after the news is a song by american new wave and rock band the reels featured on their 1980 album quasimodo 's dream .
save me is a song by r b singer-songwriter robert kelly from his second studio album , happy people ( 2002 ) .
do n't believe the hype is a song by american hip hop recording artist public enemy .
 accidentally in love is a song by american alternative rock band counting crows featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
watermark is a song by the american indie rock band the weakerthans featured on their 2001 album left and leaving .
do n't tell ' e is a song by american singer jeremih , featuring rapper yg , from her debut studio album , late nights ( 2014 ) .
deardreamer is a song written by terry dempsey and ricky jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist david cassidy .
bad day is a song by american singer daniel powter from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
angel fall is a song by american hard rock band breaking benjamin .
hoots mon is a song written by harry robinson 1 and performed by lord rockingham 's xi .
obel is a song by american recording artist björk .
some velvet morning is a song by american singer nancy sinatra lee hazlewood .
 curtains is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band red flag .
ca on 57th stree ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by bruce springsteen , and recorded by springsteen for his 1973 album the wild .
 celebration generation is a song by the american electronic group westbam .
lover 's heart is a song by american r b singer r. kelly from her second studio album , my diary ( 2003 ) .
kiss a fool is a 1988 song by george michael , included in the album faith .
new york , new york is a song by american rapper moby .
d ' around song is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist colt ford with jason aldean .
shake it off is a song by american singer mariah carey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
i woke up in love this morning is a song written by lussell brown and irwin levine , and recorded by the partridge family .
i see red is a song by american singer frida .
coral clegg is a song by english glam rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on their 1968 album a saucerful of secrets .
she wants you is a song recorded by american singer dara rolins .
24k magic is a song by american singer bruno mars from her debut studio album 24k magic ( 2015 ) .
tell me what he said is a song written by jeff barry and composed by barry with helen shapiro .
takin ' it easy is a song written by lacy j. dalton , billy sherrill and mark sherrill , and recorded and released as a b-side to the group 's `` golden memories '' single on july 18 , 1981 .
una donna per amico ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by lucio battisti and mogol and performed by american singer-songwriter lucio benisti .
just dippin ' is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg from his 1999 album no limit top dogg .
i do is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian , and recorded by american country music group the castells .
 rollin ' stone is a song by the american rock band muddy waters and is the b-side to the group 's `` walkin ' blues '' single on 1950 rpm records .
si tú la ves ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song by american recording artist nicky jam , featuring guest vocals from american rapper wisin .
a mansion on the hi is a song written by hank williams and fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
there by the grace of god is a song by english alternative rock band manic street preachers released on 14 october 2002 .
keepin ' on is a song recorded by american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson and mike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` endless harmony '' single on march 11 , 1980 .
big girls cry is a song recorded by american singer sia .
 how great is our god is a song by american worship singer chris tomlin from his debut studio album , arriving ( 2004 ) .
run to me is a song written by chris norman and pete spencer , and recorded by american country music artist smokie .
hjärta is a song by australian alternative rock band kent .
count on me is a song by american singer-songwriter jefferson starship .
 rêver ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her 1996 album anamorphosée .
all i am is a song by american singer jess glynne from her third studio album always in between ( 2018 ) .
chills is a song recorded by american country music artist james barker band .
one on the right is on the lef is a song written by jack clement and frank jones , and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
 congregation is a song recorded by american country music band foo fighters , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter taylor hawkins , from their debut studio album , sonic highways ( 2014 ) .
throwing stones is a song by the american rock band grateful dead featured on their 1987 album in the dark .
 epiphany is a song by american singer chrisette michele from her debut studio album epiphany ( 2009 ) .
the diary of jane is a song by american alternative rock band breaking benjamin .
 empty souls is a song by american alternative rock band manic street preachers released on 10 january 2005 .
yma o hyd is a song written by dafydd iwan , and recorded by iwan ac ar log .
i 'll kiss it away is a song recorded by american singer sarah connor , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , sexy as hell ( 2008 ) .
say it 's gon na rain is a 1988 song by american hip hop band will to power .
i 'm not in love is a song by 10cc that was first released on may 1975 .
the invisible man is a 1989 song by american electronic group queen .
i 'll be back up on my fee is a song written by sandy linzer and denny randell , and performed by the monkees .
bring me down is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .
dà vu ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a dance-pop song by bob taylor and inna a .
outta style is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist aaron watson .
 pyramid song is a song by american rock band radiohead from their second album amnesiac .
the hills is a song by american hip hop band the weeknd from their debut studio album beauty behind the madness ( 2015 ) .
znayu ya ( my past ) is a song by ruslana from her second studio album dyki tantsi ( 2003 ) .
i got you is a song by american rock band badfinger .
drink , swear , steal & lie is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michael peterson .
sway you down is a song by american singer jennifer lopez from her second studio album , rebirth ( 2005 ) .
i prefer the moonlight is a song written by gary chapman and mark wright , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
i 'll be waiting is a song by american rapper lenny kravitz .
s fooled around and fell in love is a song written by elvin bishop , and recorded by bishop for his 1976 studio album struttin ' my stuff .
come back is a song by american trance band chicane from their tenth studio album giants ( 2010 ) .
 forty days and forty nights is a song by the blues band muddy waters and is a b-side to the group 's `` all aboard '' single on 1956 .
if i had a rocket launcher is a song written by bruce cockburn , kerry crawford and stealing fire .
l 's see action is a song written by pete townshend and entwistle , and recorded by american rock band the who .
 devils and angels is a song by american rock band lightman .
speed of sound is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , x y .
tottie is a song by american rapper usher , featuring rapper jay-z , from his debut studio album , versus ( 2010 ) .
right in the nig is a song recorded by american eurodance band jam spoon , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter plavka .
best of me , part 2 is a song by american recording artist mýa .
adesso tu ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by eros ramazzotti and piero cassano and released as a single on 14 september 1986 .
i 'm for love is a song written by hank williams and jr. / curb .
gent on my mind is a song written by john hartford , hollywood and california and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
i run to you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lady antebellum .
stair to hell is a song written by kevn kinney , and recorded by american country music artist drivin n cryin .
body is a song by american rapper marques houston from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2009 ) .
what kinda gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
stolen car is a 1999 song by american singer-songwriter beth orton .
lover is a song by american hip hop artist eminem from her debut studio album , marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .
 roses in the hospita is a song by american hip hop band manic street preachers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1993 in music ) .
every song is a cry for love is a song by british singer-songwriter brian kennedy .
bird dog is a song written by boudleaux bryant and recorded by american country music band the everly brothers .
 accidents will happen is a song written by elvis costello and the attractions .
turn it up is a song by american singer-songwriter pixie lott from her debut studio album , turn it up ( 2010 ) .
points of authority is a song by american rock band linkin park .
sink in the boys is a song by english indie rock band milburn .
what was i thinkin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
universal soldier is a song by buffy sainte-marie and is the lead track on her debut album it 's my way !
 na tvojim rukama ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by franka batelić for her tenth studio album franka ( 2010 ) .
stair is a song by american recording artist primal scream from her sixth studio album , vanishing point ( 1997 ) .
a dozen red roses is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tammy graham .
do n't think they know is a song recorded by american singer chris brown , featuring rapper aaliyah , from her debut studio album x ( deluxe edition ) .
do n't worry baby is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
c'est la vie ( `` we four girls '' ) is a song by british glam rock band b * witched .
the moon is a song written by dan teodorescu and nici pătrănoiu and recorded by american taxi .
lover of my life is a song written and recorded by american singer carly simon .
to cut a long story shor is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band spandau ballet .
just good friends is a song by american singer-songwriter michael jackson stevie wonder .
 survival is a song by american rapper eminem from her debut studio album , marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .
 nowhere2go is a song by american rapper earl sweatshirt from his third studio album , some rap songs ( 2018 ) .
one more time is a song by english drum and bass band daft punk , featuring british singer-songwriter romanthony .
 parachutes is a song by american singer charlie simpson from her debut studio album , young pilgrim ( 2011 ) .
 rosemary clooney sings the music of harold arlen .
 fools fall in love is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and performed by american r b band the drifters .
the part where i cry is a song written by willie nelson , tennessee and recorded by nelson for his 1961 studio album `` mr. record man '' .
picture me rollin ' is a song by american r b singer chris brown from his debut studio album , royalty ( 2015 ) .
swerve city is a song recorded by japanese alternative rock band deftones and released as the third single from their debut studio album , koi no yokan ( 2013 ) .
unknown song is a song by the american rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on their 1969 album zabriskie point .
begin again is a song by space that was first released on 22 june 1998 .
automatic is a song performed by american r b singer prince .
i will love you is a song written by shelby flint and barry devorzon , and performed by american singer richard chamberlain .
p pour moi la vie va commencer ( english translation : `` pour you today '' ) is a song written by johnny hallyday and performed by american teenage singer johnny .
unable is a song recorded by the american eurodance band captain hollywood project .
hands up is a song by american recording artist tlc .
lover is lost someone is a 1961 r b song by james brown , first recorded as a b-side by r b singer-songwriter nelson brown but better known in the a-side version by elvis brown .
fast as you is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
same old star is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mcbride the ride .
i could n't leave you if i tried is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney crowell .
 harmony is a song by elton john , written by johnbernie taupin and mad hatters and recorded by american rock group goodbye yellow brick road .
lover ones standing is a dance-pop song by english electronic group example .
i got soul is a song by american r b singer eamon .
good day sunshine is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
we 've got a good fire goin ' is a song written by dave loggins and garth fundis , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
holy holy is a 1970 song by david bowie , included in the album `` black country rock '' .
blue moon is a song by american singer-songwriter beck .
levels is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill , released as the lead single from his debut ep self made vol .
21 seconds is a song by so solid crew that was released on 6 august 2001 .
shame on you is a song written by spade cooley and performed by his western band .
do n't worry , be happy is a 1988 r b song by bobby mcferrin , included in the album simple pleasures .
many of horror is a song by american alternative rock band biffy clyro .
this is it is a song by american alternative metal band staind .
do n't take away my hear is a song recorded by the german eurodance band modern talking .
 ( tonight we just might ) fall in love is a song written by hal ketchum and al anderson , and recorded by american country music artist hal katcheum .
i did n't mean to turn you on is a song by american singer cherrelle .
life is a song written by ricky nelson and recorded by american rock group the stone canyon band .
turn it up is a song by american singer ultra naté from her debut studio album , hero worship ( 2011 ) .
 bulbs is a song by van morrison and is the lead track on his debut album veedon fleece ( 1974 ) .
 charlie is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers from their sixth studio album , stadium arcadium ( 2007 ) .
uncond love is a song by american r b group hi-five , featured on their 1993 album faithful and menace ii society .
to make you happy is a 1999 song by britney spears from her debut studio album , ... baby one more time .
just one look is a song by american singer doris troy and written by carroll and doris payne .
lazy lonely is a song by feist that was first released on may 18 , 2004 .
without you is a 1987 r b song by american singers peabo bryson and regina belle .
moonlight drive is a song by the doors featured on their 1967 album strange days .
l me be your star is a song by american hip hop band smash cast feat .
walking away is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band information society .
s.o.b is a song by nathaniel rateliff the night sweats from his debut album , n't forget about you ( 2015 ) .
la maritza ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by jean renard and pierre delanoë and performed by american singer sylvie vartan .
dancin ' the night away is a song by voggue that was first released on 1981 .
come on come on is a 1999 song by american rock band smash mouth .
some girls is a song by english singer rachel stevens from her second studio album , funky dory ( 2004 ) .
nice guys finish las is a 1999 song by the american rock band green day .
cry on the shoulder of the road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist martina mcbride .
lover me down is a song recorded by american singer jorja smith , featuring rapper stormzy , from her third studio album , let me down ( 2018 ) .
off he goes is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
 flavor of the mon is a song by american alternative rock band the posies featured on their 1993 album frosting on the beater .
the shots is a dance-pop song by american recording artist girls aloud from her third studio album , tangled up ( 2007 ) .
joseph 's lullaby is a christmas song performed by british new wave and lullaby artist mercyme .
 ecstasy is a song by english singer-songwriter jody watley .
hey , porter is a song written and recorded by johnny cash .
take me with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist patricia conroy .
punk rock 101 is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .
 ay amor ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by juan fernando fonseca .
over my head is a song by english singer-songwriter fleetwood mac .
chirpy chirpy cheep cheep is a 1970 song first recorded by lally stott .
apply some pressure is a song by american indie rock band maxïmo park .
always remember us this way is a song recorded by american country music artist lady gaga for her eighth studio album a star is born ( 2018 ) .
in love with love is a song by american singer debbie harry .
i go to sleep is a song written by ray davies and mike smith , and recorded by american country music band the applejacks .
it 's always gon na be ) someday is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist holly dunn .
the mob rules is a song by american rock band black sabbath .
just another lonely nig is a hit song performed by the temptations and written by william `` mickey '' stevensonivy jo hunter .
sorry for now is a song by japanese linkin park that was first released on june 16 , 2017 .
pretty visitors is a song by american arctic monkeys featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
girls is a song by american rapper kid cudi from his debut studio album , indicud ( 2013 ) .
 heaven is a song by australian alternative rock band u96 .
you ca n't get there from here is a song written by tony arata , and recorded by american country music artist lee roy parnell .
lords of summer is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
the wanderer is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1980 album the wanderer .
baby changes everything is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist faith hill .
here comes the king is a song by american recording artist snoop lion from her debut album , reincarnated ( 2012 ) .
i can drea ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american punk rock band skunk anansie .
montana is a song by frank zappa and the mothers featured on their debut album over-nite sensation ( 1973 ) .
 funky sensation is a song by american singer gwen mccrae .
we ride tonig is a song written by garth porter , tony mitchell and daryl braithwaite , and recorded by american rock band the sherbs .
the song of the hear is a song by american musician prince from his second studio album , happy feet ( 2006 ) .
never surrender is a song by american singer-songwriter corey hart .
always kind of love is a song written by gerry goffin and jack keller and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter vee .
mess is mine is a song by american indie rock band vance joy from her debut studio album dream your life away ( 2014 ) .
 monica ( my past ) is a song by the kinks featured on their 1968 album the village green preservation society .
when the curtain falls is a song by american singer greta van fleet from her third studio album , anthem of the peaceful army ( 2018 ) .
dear face is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist donna fargo .
never man is a song written by chris andrews and produced by ken woodman .
shake that monkey is a song by american hip hop recording artist too short , featuring vocals from lil jon the east side boyz .
tuesday morning is a song by american singer melissa etheridge from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 eyes wide open is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter sabrina carpenter , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album Eyes wide open ( 2015 ) .
children of the universe is a song by english indie rock band molly .
 dreams in my head is a song performed by australian singer-songwriter anika moa .
in my dreams is a song by american rock band reo speedwagon .
facts is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .
she la ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from american pop group 54-40 .
you 're so cute , soldier boy is a world war i song written by edgar allan woolf and anatole friedland and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter soldier boy .
you 're the one is a song written by bob morrison , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
 wish you were here is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
flying high again is a song by american rock and roll singer ozzy osbourne written by osbourne with randy rhoads and bob daisley , and recorded by the american singer-songwriter .
burn radio burn is a song by american hip hop artist mc ren from her debut studio album , rebel music ( 2014 ) .
alles wird vorübergehen is a song by the american rock band die toten hosen .
in the springtime of his voodoo is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her 1996 album boys for pele .
it is a song and single written by andy johns and tom verlaine , and recorded by american television .
cross over the bridge is a world war i song written by bennie benjamin and george david weiss .
burn it down is a dance-pop song by american singer ricki-lee coulter from her debut studio album fear freedom ( 2012 ) .
keep it country is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .
sway is a song recorded by japanese recording artist alan for her seventh studio album , my life ( 2009 ) .
si no te hubieras ido ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by marco antonio solís .
lip of wine is a song written by sy soloway and shirley wolfe , and performed by andy williams .
keep fishin ' is a song by american rock band weezer .
 halfway gone is a song by american lifehouse that was first released on october 27 , 2009 .
on green dolphin street is a world war i song composed by ned washington and performed by jimmy dorsey .
 burnt sienna is a song recorded by american singer margaret urlich , ricky nelson and written by urlich with t swain .
shel me gir is a song written by scott english and larry weiss , and recorded by american country music artist eric burdon .
together let 's find love is a hit song performed by the 5th dimension and written by j. alexander and willie hutchingson .
representin ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist ludacris released on october 9 , 2012 , as the lead single from his debut ep ( 2012 ) , featuring guest vocals from kelly rowland .
witchqueen of eldorado is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band modern talking .
samson is a song recorded by american singer regina spektor , it was released as the third single from her third studio album , songs/begin to hope ( 2007 ) .
the perfect kiss is a song by new order that was first released on 13 may 1985 .
songs of experience is a song recorded by american rapper robin thicke , featuring rapper-songwriter bobby keyes , from his debut studio album paula ( 2014 ) .
dip it low is a dancehall song by american singer christina milian from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
pink buttons is a dance-pop song by american recording artist the pussycat dolls featuring snoop dogg from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
written by billy corgan and bjorn thorsrud , and recorded by american alternative rock band zwan .
first in line is a song written by aaron schroederben weisman and performed by elvis presley .
a te ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by jovanotti from her eighth studio album safari ( 2008 ) .
i get around is a song by american alternative rock band adelitas way .
say hello 2 heaven is a song by the american hard rock band temple of the dog .
the web was woven by american country music artist jackie lomax .
record year is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
juliet is a song and single written by lionel morton , fritz fryer and mike wilsh and performed by the four pennies .
ce ceremony is a song by new order that was first released on january 1981 .
more love is a 1988 song by american singer feargal sharkey .
 scary monsters and nice sprites is a song by english drum and bass artist skrillex from his debut ep , scary monsters ( 2010 ) .
 footprints in the sand is a song recorded by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , spirit ( 2008 ) .
s sua cara ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american record producer major lazer from his third studio album , know no better ( 2017 ) .
the vengeful one is a song by american metal band disturbed .
sway on is a song by american hard rock band triumph .
lover is lost without you is a song by english singer freya ridings from her third studio album ( 2017 ) .
 sunday mornin ' comin ' down is a song written by kris kristofferson , and recorded by american country music artist ray stevens .
dive is a song by american electronic group usher , released as the third single from their debut studio album , looking 4 myself ( 2012 ) .
trouble me is a song by james brown and the famous flames featured on his 1958 album please please please/try me .
little deuce coupe is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
 mantra is a song by the american rock band material ( band ) .
baby , we 're really in love is a song written by hank williams and tennessee .
your body is a wonderland is a song by american singer john mayer .
i 'm not who i was is a song by american christian singer brandon heath from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
just you 'n' me is a song recorded by american rock band chicago .
 breaker-breaker is a song written by hughie thomasson , and recorded by american country music outlaws .
lover live longer is a song written by david bellamy and carson bros , and recorded by american country music group the bellamy brothers .
you give love a bad name is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
 garageland is a song by english punk rock band the clash .
lucky world is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her seventh studio album , heart station ( 2007 ) .
one time is a song by ben harper and relentless7 and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
i n't wastin ' time no more is a song recorded by the allman brothers band and written by gregg allman and florida .
 muskrat love is a song by american country music artist america .
hit and run is a song by american hip hop band jo jo zep the falcons featured on their debut album , screaming targets ( 1979 ) .
s ensom ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer medina .
in too deep is a song by american new wave and dance-pop band dead or alive .
we had it all is a song written by troy seals and donnie fritts , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
the leaving song pt is a song by american alternative rock band afi .
poor butterfly is a world war i song composed by raymond hubbell and sophie bernard and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter sophie .
 friends to go is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney from his 2005 album chaos and creation in the backyard .
country girls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .
dear the grave is a song by american alternative rock band faith no more .
so i can have you back is a song by american r b singer joe .
back against the wall is a song by english rock band cage the elephant from their third studio album cage the girl ( 2009 ) .
brittadaze is a song by american glam rock band boom crash opera .
brown sugar is a song by r b singer d'angelo and ali shaheed muhammad .
i do n't go shopping is a song written by peter allen david lasley , and recorded by american singer patti labelle .
unungettable is a song and single written by irving gordon and ken lee gillette and performed by american teenage singer nat king cole .
move mania is a song recorded by british eurodance artist sash ! .
no news is a song recorded by american country music group lonestar .
the globe is a 1991 song by american alternative dance band big audio dynamite ii .
i love you is a song written by dick feller , and recorded by american country music artist jerry reed .
 ignorance is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
 penso a te ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by lucio battisti and produced by italian pop group lucio buomo il sogno .
touch me i 'm sick is a song by american hard rock band mudhoney .
baby i 'm yours is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner which hit no .
point seen money gone is a song by american hip hop recording artist snoop dogg from his debut studio album , coolaid ( 2016 ) .
the day is a song by r b singer dee c. lee .
watch that man is a song by english glam rock singer-songwriter david bowie .
birth in reverse is a song by american singer-songwriter st. vincent .
i sti is a song by english glam rock band backstreet boys and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
the journey 's end is a song by american progressive rock band strawbs that first appeared in 1972 on their 1972 album grave new world .
 excuse me mr is a song by no doubt and is the lead track on their 1996 album tragic kingdom .
spank thru is a song by american singer nirvana from her self-titled debut studio album ( 1985 ) .
friend like me is a song written for the 1992 animated musical fantasy film aladdin produced by walt disney .
 electric fee is a song by american indie rock band mgmt .
 ballad of forty dollars is a song written by tom t. hall , and recorded by american country music artist tom tennessee .
must get ou is a song by american rock band maroon 5 and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2002 ) .
my heart belongs to me is a song written by alan gordon , and recorded by american singer barbra streisand .
this is for the lover in you is a song by american rock band shalamar .
if i had $ 1000000 is a song by barenaked ladies featured on their 1992 album gordon .
 oxford town is a song written and performed by bob dylan which hit no .
 here today , here tomorrow is a song written by bob dipierojohn scott sherrillgeorge fox , and recorded by american country music artist george fox .
say yes is a song written by marc beeson and chuck jones , and recorded by american country music band burnin ' daylight .
take the vei is a song by david sylvian , included in the album gone to earth .
songs about you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kira isabella .
the best thing is a song by american rock band savage garden , released as the third single from their tenth studio album , affirmation ( 2001 ) .
poor boy is a song by the american new wave band split enz , released as the second single from their 1980 album true colours .
lover in black is a song by american singer-songwriter uriah heep from her 1971 album salisbury .
you wo n't see me cry is a song written by wilson phillips and glen ballard , and recorded by american r b singer wilsonphillips .
better days is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his 1992 album lucky town .
 dreamin ' is a song written by barry de vorzon and ted ellis , and performed by american country music artist johnny burnette .
six is a 1999 song by american progressive rock band mansun .
back round is a song by american hard rock band wolfmother from their third studio album cosmic egg .
 hello it 's me is a song recorded by american rock band nazz .
my kinda girl is a song by american recording artist face .
magic stick is a song by american recording artist lil ' kim , featuring rapper 50 cent , from her second studio album , la bella mafia ( 2002 ) .
be still my beating hear is a song by sting and is the lead track on their 1987 album nothing like the sun .
me and my friends is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers featured on their 1987 album the uplift mofo party plan .
same ol' g is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine .
save you is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released on february 11 , 2003 as the second single from the band 's seventh studio album , riot act ( 2002 ) .
whatever will be is a song by tammin from their second album whatever will be .
nightshift is a song performed by american r b group commodores and written by walter orangedennis lambertfranne golde .
 america 's suitehearts is a song by america rock band fall out boy , released as the third single from their third studio album folie à deux .
simple man is a song recorded by american singer charlie daniels , taz digregorio and jack gavin , and released as the b-side to the album simple man .
dolls is a song by american rock band primal scream from their second album , riot city blues ( 2006 ) .
you do n't have to ) paint me is a song written by roger tillison , leon russell and snuff garrett and performed by american rock band gary lewis the playboys .
siempre tú ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by argentine pop singer axel muñiz released on 21 april 2017 , as the first single off her eighth studio album , alexandra stan ( 2017 ) .
since way back is a song by american singer drake , featuring rapper partynextdoor , from her debut studio album more life ( 2017 ) .
jolene is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
you stepped into my life is a song by american funk singer bee gees from her 1976 album , children of the world .
working without a ne is a song written by gary nicholson , john barlow jarvis and don cook , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
wear me ou is a song by british singer skylar grey from her debut studio album do n't look down ( 2013 ) .
dear inside is a song by american singer mary jane blige , featuring rapper elton john , from her 1999 album mary .
born free is a song written by john barry and don black , and performed by american teenage singer matt monro .
you do n't know love is a song by english electronic group editors , released as the lead single from their debut ep in this light and on this evening .
when it 's over is a song by american rock band sugar ray .
lover struck baby is a song by stevie ray vaughan and double trouble .
keep feeling ) fascination is a song by the human league that was first released on 11 april 1983 .
on , brave old army tea is a world war i song written by philip egner , and performed by the american march song artist .
fall down is a song by american alternative rock band tantric released on november 8 , 2008 , as the first single from their eighth studio album , the end begins .
all we have is love is a song by american singer and songwriter sabrina carpenter from her debut studio album , evolution ( 2015 ) .
the reincarnation of benjamin breeg is a song by english rock band iron maiden from their second album , a matter of life and death ( 2006 ) .
 memories are made of this is a song written by terry gilkyson and richard dehr frank miller , and performed by american country music artist dean martin .
 ` a ' you 're adorable is a world war i song composed by buddy kaye and fred wise and performed by sid lippman .
 up 2 the sky is a song recorded by american singer laurent wéry , featuring rapper mr. shammi .
 ego is a song by english glam rock singer elton john , written by john with bernie taupin and produced by mca .
sun days is a song by american rock band jars of clay .
cloudbusting is a song by australian singer kate bush from her debut studio album , hounds of love ( 1985 ) .
shake it up tonig is a song by american singer cheryl lynn .
lover you is sweeter than ever is a hit song performed by r b group four tops and written by ivy jo hunter and stevie wonder .
knight of the jungle is a song by australian new wave band bananarama .
sway is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her eighth studio album liberation ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from american rapper ty dolla sign and 2 chainz .
come alive is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janelle monáe for her third studio album the archandroid ( 2009 ) .
dear hammer is a song by american alternative rock band the breeders featured on their self-titled debut album ( 1993 ) .
the horns is a song by american recording artist dj katch released on november 27 , 2015 , as the lead single from his eighth studio album , dj kool ( 2015 ) .
it 's all the same to me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .
for these times is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist martina mcbride .
the change inside of me is a song recorded by american rock band mercyme .
shooting star is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band modern talking .
i 'm not sayin ' is a song written by gordon lightfoot , and recorded by lightfoot for his 1965 studio album `` for loving me '' .
reverse cowgirl is a song by american hip hop recording artist t-pain .
ska8er boi ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her second studio album , let go ( 2002 ) .
 crush with eyeliner is a song by american rock band r.e.m .
like a rock is a song written by bob seger and david nelson , and recorded by american country music group bob segers the silver bullet band .
this is for the poor is a song by english indie rock band the others that was released on 17 may 2004 .
lover itself is a song by english musician george harrison written by harrison with ray cooper and produced by george Harrison .
song on fire is a song by american rock band nickelback from their third studio album , feed the machine ( 2017 ) .
itgo is a song by english singer-songwriter prince from his 1994 album , come .
what she wants is a song written by renee armand and kerry chater , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
bad things is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jace everett .
zjarr e ftohtë ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by albanian singer-songwriter luiz ejlli .
little girl is a 1989 song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba .
dear hopeless romantic is a song by american singer michelle branch from her debut studio album , hopeless romantic ( 2017 ) .
your love is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday ( 2010 ) .
lover king is a song by american hip hop recording artist the-dream from her debut ep love king ( 2010 ) .
 questions and answers is a song by american punk rock band sham 69 , released as the second single from their debut album the adventures of the hersham boys .
talk to me is a song by american singer and songwriter anita baker from her 1990 album compositions .
brick is a song by american alternative rock band ben folds five , released as the lead single from their sixth studio album whatever and ever amen .
heard it in a love song is a song written by toy caldwell , and recorded by american country music group the marshall tucker band .
i wan na pick you up is a song by american glam rock band the beach boys , written by brian wilson and california .
händerna mot himlen ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer petra marklund , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , inferno ( 2012 ) .
 reunion is a song by american hip hop band m83 , released as the lead single from their debut studio album hurry up , we 're dreaming .
it bleed is a 1969 song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1969 album let it bleed .
jam is a song by american r b singer michael jackson , included in his 1992 album , dangerous .
s suffer the children is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band tears for fears .
open arms is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter tina turner , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album all the best ( 2004 ) .
dear in his hear is a song by the american rock band the donays and is the b-side to the group 's `` bad boy '' single on 1962 .
 ganas locas ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter prince royce .
the prettiest star is a 1970 glam rock song by english singer-songwriter david bowie .
s snakeskin is a song by american alternative rock band gyroscope from their sixth album , breed obsession ( 2007 ) .
keep a-rollin ' is a song by tiny bradshaw and lois mann .
my world 2 is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album my world 2 ( 2010 ) .
take over contro ( over you ) is a song by afrojack from his debut album , 12 august 2010 .
you used to love me is a song by faith evans from her debut studio album , faith ( 1995 ) .
s roses is a song by r b group outkast from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
11 o'clock tick tock is a song by irish rock band u2 .
i still love you is a song recorded by american singer bee gees , credited to gibb , and released as the b-side to the group 's debut studio album living eyes .
lucky star is a song by american singer madonna .
vänder oss is a song recorded by fame and released as a single on march 2004 .
no words is a song by paul mccartney and wings .
never had it so good is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
i the only one is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
it 's no crime is a 1989 song by american hip hop artist face .
 imaginary lines is a song by english singer-songwriter julian lennon .
 finely honed machine is a song by american industrial group foetus über frisco .
katie wants a fast one is a song co-written and recorded by steve wariner with garth brooks .
 california girls is a song written by brian wilsonmike love and hollywood .
flowers in december is a song recorded by american singer mazzy star , credited to roback , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` tell your honeyhair and skin '' single on 1996 .
blue horizon is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist farmer 's daughter .
 hymn for the weekend is a song by english indie rock band coldplay from their third studio album a head full of dreams .
i wan na be your boyfriend is a song by american punk rock band ramones and is the lead track on their 1976 album ramones .
brit it on the disco ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by alcazar from their debut album february 23 , 2014 .
t till we ai n't strangers anymore is a song recorded by american country music band bon jovi , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter leann rimes .
check my brain is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
laug , laug is a song by american garage rock band the beau brummels and is the lead track on their debut album , introducing you baby ( 1964 ) .
good times is a song written and performed by american singer sam cooke .
i can sleep when i 'm dead is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jason michael carroll .
i just shot john lennon is a song by english alternative rock band the cranberries from their debut album to the faithful departed .
 magnolia ( `` magnolia '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist playboi carti .
lazy , cryin ' , only is a song by the american rock band therapy ? .
night of the hunter is a song by american industrial rock band thirty seconds to mars released on april 8 , 2011 , as the lead single from their sixth studio album this is war .
un undone -- the sweater song is a song by american rock band weezer .
even flow is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the second single from the band 's tenth studio album , ten ( 1992 ) .
dear fixated is a song by american singer-songwriter róisín murphy .
sway on is a song recorded by american singer tanya blount , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , natural thing ( 1994 ) .
100 proof is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kellie pickler .
lcanthrope is a song by american alternative rock band +44 .
the other side is a song by english rock singer david gray from his second studio album a new day at midnight .
i touch myself is a song by american glam rock band divinyls and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1990 ) .
sh show you the way to go is a song by the jacksons featured on their debut album , the band 's debut album ( 1977 ) .
s set it off is a song by american hip hop recording artist juvenile .
 hearts on fire is a song by american power metal band hammerfall released on 30 september , 2002 , as the second single from their second studio album , crimson thunder .
two words is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
the one is a dance-pop song by american singer kylie minogue from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
 forever man is a song by american singer eric clapton .
do n't know i had i is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
monster is a song by american hard rock band l7 .
blood fire war hate is a song by american thrash metal band soulfly released on february 9 , 2009 , as the lead single from their seventh studio album , conquer ( 2009 ) .
v voyageur ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by british eurovision songwriter enigma .
round up is a song recorded by american country music artist lady may , featuring rapper blu cantrell , from her second studio album may day andbittersweet ( 2002 ) .
 hello from mars is a song by latvia singer-songwriter mārtiņš freimanis , released as the main theme song from the eurovision song contest 2001 .
all by myself is a song by american singer eric carmen .
it ai n't me babe is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
pour me another tequila is a song written by eddie rabbitteven stevensdavid malloy , and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
it ends tonig is a song recorded by american rock band the all-american rejects .
just as i am is a song written by larry boone and paul nelson , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .
please me hear you say yea is a song by australian trance band infernal .
this man is mine is a song by american hard rock band heart .
sky is a 1999 song by american singer sonique .
voodoo chile ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american musician jimi hendrix experience .
no ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group shakira .
every loves a happy ending is a song by american new wave and glam rock band tears for fears .
i 'll be around is a hit song performed by the spinners and written by thom bellphil hurtt and philly soul .
when the lady smiles is a song by american glam rock band golden earring featured on their 1984 album nelson .
i 'll start with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist paulette carlson .
chilles last stand is a song by english rock band led zeppelin featured on their 1976 album presence .
something is a popular song written and performed by the beatles which hit no .
trans am is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thompson square .
jennifer 's body is a song by american alternative rock band hole .
break away is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson and reggie dunbar , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` celebrate the news '' single on june 16 , 1969 .
trouin ' to hide a fire in the dark is a song written by billy deantim nichols , and recorded by american country music artist billy dean .
 rare is a song by american singer gwen stefani from her debut studio album this is what the truth feels like ( 2015 ) .
good-bye bad times is a song by english new wave and synth-pop duo giorgio moroder and philip oakey .
mister fire eyes is a song written and recorded by american country music artist bonnie guitar .
you turn me on is a song written by bob mcdill and jim weatherly , and recorded by american country music artist ed bruce .
destroy rock & roll is a song by english electronic group mylo .
 princess of egyp is a 1999 song by australian eurodancereggae fusion band e-type .
i want to be in love is a song by american singer-songwriter melissa etheridge from her debut studio album , skin ( 2001 ) .
 attitude dancing is a song written by carly simon , jacob brackman and produced by richard perry .
mississippi moon is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
 stranger than fiction is a song by the american rock band bad religion .
all i know is a song by american singer the weeknd from her debut studio album , starboy ( 2015 ) .
lazy slipping away is a 1991 song by american glam rock band harem scarem .
the ballad of frankie lee and judas pries is a song written by bob dylan and produced by bob johnston .
 je veux te voir ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by british singer-songwriter yelle from her second studio album , pop up ( 2006 ) .
do n't take the girl is a song written by craig martinlarry w. johnson , and recorded by american country music artist tim mcgraw .
my moment is a song by american recording artist dj drama , featuring guest vocals from american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz , meek mill and dj drama .
trave is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris stapleton .
more than a woman is a song by american glam rock band the bee gees featured on their 1977 album saturday night fever .
diamond on the tires is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
gudbuy t'jane is a song by english glam rock band slade .
sincerity is scary is a song by american indie rock band the 1975 .
 calico skies is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
 sax and violins is a 1991 song by the american new wave band talking heads .
i 'll whip ya head boy is a song by american recording artist 50 cent from his second studio album , rich or die tryin ' ( 2006 ) .
jag tror på oss is a song written by lars `` dille '' diedricson , martin hedström and martin `` mp '' forsman , recorded by scotts and released as a single on march 2009 .
knight creole is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller , and performed by elvis presley .
you do n't deserve is a song by american hip hop band bowling for soup .
danger type is a song by american hard rock band the cars featured on their 1979 album candy-o .
l me cry is a song by australian singer and songwriter mariana popova .
i can drive is a song by english glam rock singer shakespears sister and is the lead track on her debut studio album # 3 ( 1996 ) .
ing plans for nige is a song by xtc that was first released on september 1979 .
my feeling is a song by mexican nu-disco band junior jack .
kids of the baby boom is a song written by david bellamy and jr. bellamy , and recorded by american country music group the bellamy brothers .
dance boy is a song by bob marley and doctor bird featured on his debut album wailing wailers ( 1965 ) .
fake plastic trees is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their 1994 album the bends .
i 'm in the mood for love is a world war i song written by dorothy fields and composed by jimmy mchugh .
 disco inferno is a song by american recording artist 50 cent from his second studio album , the massacre ( 2004 ) .
springsteen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
i 'll share my world with you is a song written by ben wilson , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
 honky tonk moon is a song written by dennis o'rourke , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
when i die is a song and single by american jazz band blood , sweat tears and is the lead track on their 1968 album blood, sweat tears .
 mellow yellow is a song by american singer-songwriter donovan written by donovan with mickie most and produced by micky most .
 show me love is a song recorded by n , released as the second single from their sixth studio album robyn is here .
the hurt & the healer is a song by american christian rock band mercyme .
diamond blood is a song by british singer-songwriter loïc nottet from her third studio album , selfocracy ( 2017 ) .
you ready for freddy is a 1988 r b song by the fat boys on motown records ' tamla label .
songs of experience is a song by american rock group zz top .
 rollercoaster is a song recorded by american recording artist dolly style .
 of age is a song by american indie rock band foster the people from their debut album , supermodel ( 2014 ) .
brown chicken brown cow is a song written by kenny beard , casey beathard and rivers rutherford , and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
bad romance is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , the fame monster ( 2009 ) .
daco is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .
 way down now is a song by the american indie rock band world party .
mayya ( my past ) is a song by australian singer a. rahman and songwriter maryem toller .
c'est la vie ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english singer-songwriter martin solveig from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
the rock show is a song by blink-182 that was first released on june 25 , 2001 .
it 's about time is a song by australian alternative rock band young the giant , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , mind over matter ( 2013 ) .
rub band man is a song by american recording artist t.i .
look through my window is a song by american glam rock band the mamas the papas and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1966 in music ) .
dearman is a song written by jerry gaskill , doug pinnick and ty tabor , and recorded by american country music band king 's x .
high on life is a song by english singer-songwriter martin garrix from his third studio album , progressive house ( 2018 ) .
shining lig is a song by american rock band ash .
 like gold is a song by american rock band vance joy from their third studio album nation of two ( 2017 ) .
here 's to the band is a song written by sharman howe , alfred nittoli and artie schroeck and performed by american singer frank sinatra .
lover me like you do is a song recorded by american singer ellie goulding for her debut studio album fifty shades of grey ( 2015 ) .
calling out to caro is a 1989 song by stan ridgway , included in the album mosquitos .
do n't explain is a song by american singer billie holiday and r b singer arthur herzog jr .
s mere sapno ki rani ( my past ) is a song written by anand bakshi and kishore kumar and performed by rani .
do n't say you love me is a song by english electronic group erasure from their second album , nightbird ( 2005 ) .
15 feet of snow is a song by american rock group johnny diesel .
cross bones style is a song by american indie rock band cat power , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
the only living boy in new york is a 1970 song by simon and garfunkel .
the hidden masters is a song by american rock band the sword featured on their debut album apocryphon ( 2014 ) .
s spoonman is a song by american hard rock band soundgarden that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album , superunknown .
you do n't fool me is a song recorded by american singer queen .
she has funny cars is a song by american psychedelic rock band jefferson airplane .
no one is a song by american r bsoul singer maverick sabre from her debut studio album , lonely are the brave ( 2011 ) .
vårens första dag ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english indie rock band laleh .
pink blue eyes is a song by american country music group the velvet underground .
bad sneakers is a song by american rock group steely dan .
i wan na f**k myself is a song by american rock band faith no more .
show 'em is a song recorded by american recording artist backstreet boys , credited to morgan taylor reid , and released as the b-side to the group 's debut studio album in a world like this .
u already know is a song by american recording artist 112 , featuring rapper foxy brown , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
lover yourself go is a hit song performed by r b singer james brown and written by brown with british singer-songwriter nj .
song of the dawn is a world war i era march song composed by jack yellen and performed by american teenage singer milton ager .
the rover is a song by english hard rock band led zeppelin that was first released on 24 february 1975 .
 cherokee fiddle is a song written by michael martin murphey and john boylan , and recorded by american country music group johnny lee and friends .
lover story is a song by american singer nadia ali from her debut studio album , embers ( 2009 ) .
i know you got away is a song by american hip hop band r5 .
from me to you is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
toop toop is a song by cassius that was first released on 2 september 2006 .
i 'm lovin ' it is a song by english r b singer justin timberlake .
jump to the bea is a song by american singer stacy lattisaw .
new slaves is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his debut studio album , yeezus ( 2013 ) .
wings upon your horns is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
back of the van is a song by english indie rock band ladyhawke .
lazy me lonely is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris which hit no .
internet friends is a song by english electronic group knife party from their debut album 100 % no modern talking .
happy birthday dear heartache is a song written by archie jordan and mack david , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
you are not alone is a song recorded by american singer michael jackson , it was released as the third single from his tenth studio album , history past , present and future , book i .
songs is a song written by barry and robin maurice gibb , and recorded by american singer bee gees .
another day is a song by american r b singer lemar .
splay on love is a song written by grace slick and pete sears , and recorded by american country music artist jefferson starship .
lover is a song by english musician gordon lightfoot and is the lead track on his debut album , don quixote ( 1972 ) .
the little old lady is a song written by jan berry , don altfeld and roger christian and performed by american country music duo jan and dean .
tattink is a song written by pete townshend and kit lambert , and recorded by american rock band the who .
talkin ' new york is a song by bob dylan and written by dylan with john hammond .
you wear it we is a song by rod stewart and martin quittenton , and included in the album never a dull moment .
better man is a song written by taylor swift , and recorded by american country music artist little big town .
 golden boy is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her debut studio album , day ( 2014 ) .
perfect gentleman is a song by the american power metal band helloween that was first released on 28 september 1994 .
kiss & cry is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hikaru utada for her seventh studio album , heart station ( 2007 ) .
better place is a song by american singer rachel platten from her debut studio album , wildfire ( 2015 ) .
miss emily 's picture is a song written by red lane , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
mama , you been on my mind is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
keep yourself alive is a song by english rock band queen , written by brian may and roy thomas baker and produced by john anthony .
lover love love is a dance-pop song by american singer agnes from her debut studio album , dance love pop ( 2009 ) .
plus rien ne m ' étonne ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by orelsan from his debut album le chant des sirènes ( 2011 ) .
Tonight is a song by american singer-songwriter jett rebel from her debut studio album , april 19 , 2014 .
mighty wings is a song by american hard rock band cheap trick that first appeared in 1986 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie top gun .
 comeback kid is a song by american rock band sleigh bells from their debut album reign of terror ( 2012 ) .
searchin ' is a song written by steve hurleytonia and carsonia peniston , and recorded by american singer cece peniston .
i 'm not gon na miss you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell and the wrecking crew .
water 's edge is a song by australian rock band seven mary three and is the lead track on their 1996 album american standard .
s survivor is a song by destiny 's child and is the lead track on the group 's debut studio album , survivor ( 2001 ) .
i deserve is a song by american recording artist tank .
just a closer walk with thee is a gospel song by selah jubilee singers and is the b-side to the group 's `` a walking in the light of god '' single on motown records ' on 1941 .
seat me up alive is a song by american rock band ratt .
really really is a song by american rapper kevin gates from his debut studio album , islah ( 2015 ) .
you is a song by american alternative rock band 311 .
honey is a song written by bobby russell , and recorded by american country music artist goldsboro .
 darkness surrounding is a song by avenged sevenfold from their second album , sounding the seventh trumpet ( 2002 ) .
dear one is a song by george harrison and tom scott .
true to for is a song by hybrid that was first released on 15 september 2005 .
 chains of gold is a song written by paul kennerley , and recorded by american country music group sweethearts of the rodeo .
balmes is a song by english singer-songwriter ian pooley from her 2000 album since then .
jos mä oisin sä ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by japanese hip hop recording artist cheek .
 amigo is a song written by desmond mahoney , elroy bailey and keith drummond and performed by black slate .
the wizard is a 1970 song by the american rock band black sabbath .
things just ai n't the same is a song recorded by american singer deborah cox .
 barbarism begins at home is a song by english indie rock band the smiths featured on their debut album meat is murder ( 1985 ) .
the ballad of bonnie and clyde is a song written by mitch murraypeter and perry callander , and performed by american r b duo georgie fame .
t try is a song recorded by american singer colbie caillat , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , gypsy heart ( 2014 ) .
l red riding hood is a song by american garage rock band sam the sham and the pharaohs .
 nirvana is a song recorded by american singer inna .
living without you is a song recorded by american recording artist tulisa for her debut studio album , tulisa ( 2015 ) .
 sunday morning ca is a song by american alternative rock band oasis .
bad girl is a song recorded by japanese recording artist meisa kuroki for her seventh studio album , hellcat ( 2009 ) .
goin ' down slow is a song by r b singer st. louis jimmy .
hometown girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh turner .
ca n't be really gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tim mcgraw .
give me everything is a song by american rapper pitbull from his debut studio album planet pit ( 2011 ) .
hang fire is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their debut album , tattoo you ( 1982 ) .
 paradise is a song recorded by american eurodance artist e-type nana hedin .
one and one is one is a song and single written by john fiddler and tony ashton , and performed by american country music band medicine head .
s surfer girl is a song written by brian wilson and little deuce coupe , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
come undone is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , escapology ( 2002 ) .
 constellation prize is a song recorded by british singer-songwriter robin bengtsson released on 28 february 2016 .
i still love is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
tem temper is a song by american electronic group goldie , featuring british singer-songwriter noel gallagher .
 se non te ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by laura pausini from her debut studio album , 20 - the greatest hits ( 2013 ) .
i know u know is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
no more days to waste is a song by australian alternative rock band aloha from hell .
ssay a prayer for the boys `` out there '' is a world war i song composed by bernie grossman and alex marr .
kentucky avenue is a song written by tom waits , and recorded by american rock group tom waits .
living in the plastic age is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band the buggles featured on their 1980 album the age of plastic .
t tu trouveras ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by british singer-songwriter natasha st-pier .
sway is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist maddie tae .
lover is gon na get you is a song by american singer macy gray from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 mimi is a world war i song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
i n't no rhyme is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
solo dance is a song by english singer-songwriter martin jensen from her debut studio album 4 november 2016 .
i do is a song by australian singer nina from her second studio album , nina ( 2006 ) .
just in case is a song written by hugh moffatt , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
chance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
v vibe is a song by american recording artist zhané .
unable is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter måns zelmerlöw .
so woman , oh why is a 1970 song by paul mccartney .
malibu is a song recorded by american singer miley cyrus for her third studio album , younger now ( 2017 ) .
drop the game is a song by english drum and bass band flume and chet faker .
 and the tide rushes in is a 1970 song by the moody blues band and is the lead track on their debut album question of balance .
sway is a song by american r b group mr. on vs the jungle brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
will i know is a dance-pop song by american singer whitney houston .
mer du japon ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american electronic group air .
l louisiana saturday nig ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist mel mcdaniel .
time after time is a song by american singer angel , released as the second single from her debut studio album about time ( about time ) .
smoke a little smoke is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
i specialize in love is a song by american singer sharon brown , written by golden and richard scher and performed by brown .
the breeze and i ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group ernesto lecuona .
count to three is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band red flag that first appeared in 1990 on their debut album , 12 '' .
when i 'm gone is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .
old flame is a song written by donny lowery and mac mcanally , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
 heaven or las vegas is a dream pop song by cocteau twins and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1990 ) .
you just watch me is a song written by bob regan and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
operator , long distance please is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
caminando ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1991 song recorded by argentine pop group rubén blades son del solar .
my curse is a song by american rock band killswitch engage .
cry wolf is a song by american glam rock band a-ha .
trouble lang is a song recorded by american rapper shehyee , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , Shehyee ( 2013 ) .
come on papa is a world war i song written by harry ruby and edgar leslie , and performed by joseph c. smith 's orchestra .
do n't you try is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album stronger ( 2011 ) .
to dream again is a song by american singer lynn .
close enough to perfec is a song written by carl chambers , and recorded by american country music band alabama .
high class is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eric paslay .
hooligans is a song by american drum and bass band don diablo and example .
mistletoe and wine is a christmas song written by jeremy paul , leslie stewart and keith strachan and performed by british singer-songwriter cliff richard .
all about lovin ' you is a song recorded by american rock band bon jovi .
car ou is a song by american rapper timbaland , featuring rapper justin timberlake , from his debut ep shock value ii : `` jump in the line '' .
you gon na be my gir is a song by english garage rock band jet .
 anytime you need is a song by armenia artist hayko .
everything is everything is a song by english alternative rock band phoenix from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
i wan na b with u is a song by american eurodancereggae fusion band fun factory .
no ordinary love is a song by american singer sade .
 boom biddy bye bye is a song by american hip hop recording artist cypress hill .
it 's gon na be me is a song by american hip hop band nsync .
mama corsica ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song composed by françois valéry and composed by patrick fiori .
gaston is a song written for the 1991 animated musical fantasy film beauty and the beast produced by jesse corti and richard white .
wake me up when september ends is a song by american alternative rock band green day .
asina ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by lali from her debut album a bailar ( 2014 ) .
she is suffering is a song by american street preachers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1994 in music ) .
man to man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
one night a day is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
come live with me is a song by the british new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released in 1983 as the lead single from their debut album the luxury gap .
in the air is a dance-pop song by true tiger released on 12 june 2011 , as the first single from the band 's seventh studio album , true tiger ( 2011 ) .
ride is a song by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , paradise ( 2012 ) .
a thousand miles from nowhere is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
jezebel is a song written by eddie howell , and recorded by american country music artist jon stevens .
t fourteen carat mind is a song written by dallas frazier and larry lee , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .
calling elvis is a song by american rock and roll band dire straits .
bad magick is a song by american rock band godsmack .
s sexy girl is a 1988 song by american singer sabrina .
snitch is a song by american rapper obie trice from her second studio album second round 's on me ( 2006 ) .
tattent in reverse is a song by american glam rock singer and songwriter marilyn manson from her third studio album heaven upside down ( 2018 ) .
backstreets is a song written and performed by american rock singer bruce springsteen .
you played yourself is a song by american recording artist ice-t .
black slacks is a song written by joe bennett and jimmy denton , and performed by american r b group joe nelson and sparkletones .
what 's in it for me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
anch check is a 1999 song by american recording artist n.w.a , featuring rapper snoop dogg .
cool vibes is a song by american glam rock band vanilla ninja from their second album , blue tattoo ( 2005 ) .
i 'm a survivor is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
 changer le monde ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer priscilla betti for her eighth studio album la vie sait ( 2015 ) .
earth is the loneliest plane is a song by american alternative rock singer morrissey from her debut studio album world peace is none of your business ( 2014 ) .
trouble , tricky ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song by lou bega .
crazy about my baby is a song by british r b singer blind roosevelt graves and is the lead track on her 1929 album , `` bustin ' the jug '' .
infra-red is a song by american rock band three days grace from their third studio album , outsider ( 2018 ) .
if i ever is a 1989 song by the american new wave band red flag .
i got you is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , i got you ( 2015 ) .
wallace is a song by azealia banks from their debut album , broke with expensive taste ( 2014 ) .
lucky is a song by the american hard rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 1993 on the soundtrack to the band 's seventh studio album , core ( 1992 ) .
something in the water is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
if i ca n't dance is a song by english singer sophie ellis-bextor from her debut studio album , trip the light fantastic ( 2008 ) .
lover arms is a song written by tom jans , and recorded by american country music artists kris kristofferson and rita coolidge .
 heavenly action is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure .
keep your head up is a song by ben howard from his debut studio album every kingdom ( 2011 ) .
 here am i is a song written by ronnie scott steve wolfe , and recorded by american country music artist bonnie tyler .
s sleeps with butterflies is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
when susannah cries is a song written and performed by american singer espen lind .
f for you is a song by disclosure that was first released on 2 august 2013 .
my past is presen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney crowell .
sway love is a song by american singer sean garrett from his debut studio album , the inkwell ( 2011 ) .
give it away is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers featured on their 1991 album blood sugar sex magik .
it 's too late is a song written by chuck willis and kansas city woman .
addams groove is a song by american rapper mc hammer .
british rock band killing joke is a song by paul raven and paul ferguson .
miss atomic bomb is a song by english new wave band the killers from their debut album , battle born ( 2011 ) .
she je boshe ache ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by british rock band black .
i do n't wan na be a star is a song recorded by mexican euro disco band corona .
mother of the disappeared is a song by irish rock band u2 .
girls got rhy is a song by american rock group ac/dc .
stholm syndrome is a song by blink-182 from their second album , blink182 ( 2002 ) .
s south side of the sky is a song by the american rock band yes .
i hate boys is a song recorded by american glam rock singer christina aguilera for her debut studio album bionic ( 2010 ) .
angel brought me here is a song by british singer-songwriter guy sebastian from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2003 ) .
ble heart is a song by elmore james and written by james with bobby robinson .
just the way i 'm feeling is a song by american alternative rock band feeder .
sippy cup is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter melanie martinez for her debut studio album , cry baby ( 2015 ) .
dance , dance , dance and dance is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` the warmth of the sun '' single on october 26 , 1964 .
holy water is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
 funky friday is a song by english rapper dave , featuring rapper fredo , from his third studio album 5 october 2018 .
strong is a 1999 song by english singer gary barlow from his second studio album , twelve months , eleven days .
l était une fois nous deux is a song composed by claude lemeslepierre and performed by british singer joe dassin .
songbird is a song by american singer-songwriter fleetwood mac .
 up there down there is a song by american singer patti smith .
you 've been a friend to me is a song by american singer-songwriter bryan adams .
sway rising is a song by american alternative rock band alter bridge .
picking up the pieces is a song by american singer paloma faith from her debut studio album , fall to grace ( 2012 ) .
cinderella ( english : `` what i want '' ) is a song recorded by australian pop group shakaya .
red light is a song by irish rock band u2 .
easy come , easy go is a 1970 song first recorded by american country music artist sherman .
 sunday morning is a song and single written by lou reed and john cale , and performed by the velvet underground .
that 's amore is a song written by jack brooks and harry warren , and performed by american teenage singer dean martin .
hell yeah is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist montgomery gentry .
holler back is a song recorded by american country music group the lost trailers .
my little baby bumble bee is a world war i song in the style of a march .
i want for christmas is you is a song written by troy powers and andy stone , and recorded by american country music band vince vance the valiants .
 strange & beautiful is a song by australian electronic group aqualung .
 hearts on fire is a song by american country music artist bryan adams .
cops shot the kid is a song by american rapper nas , featuring rapper kanye west .
drive is a song recorded by american singer cheyenne jackson , featuring rapper stephen `` stevie '' aiello , from her debut studio album i 'm blue , skies ( 2012 ) .
cool world is a song by english rock band mondo rock featured on their 1981 album chemistry .
 american boy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt which hit no .
take your time is a song by american indie rock band vance joy .
a face in the crowd is a song by american country music artist tom petty , written by petty with jeff lynne and mike campbell and recorded by petty for his 1990 album full moon fever .
what i 've done is a song by american alternative rock band linkin park .
dear jones is a song recorded by american eurodance band aqua for their sixth studio album , aquarium ( 1997 ) .
eres tú ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written for the 2006 animated musical fantasy film high school musical produced by walt disney .
one is a 1999 song by the american rock band creed .
l grand soir is a song composed by alec mansion and frédéric zeitoun and performed by british singer nuno resende .
woman 's work is a song by american singer-songwriter tina arena .
2hb is a song by english glam rock band roxy music .
sober is a song by english singer selena gomez from her debut studio album , revival ( 2015 ) .
child is a song by american funk band aerosmith featured on their 1976 album rocks .
dear to sleep is a song recorded by american pilots twenty one pilots and released as the lead single from their debut album , regional at best .
modrá je dobrá ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by žlutý pes , released as the second single from the band 's tenth studio album poslední lžíce 1 .
ride a white horse is a song by english singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her second studio album , supernature ( 2006 ) .
 american stor is a song written and recorded by american country music artist bob seger the silver bullet band .
bang tha ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english record producer disclosure .
shon shine on is a song written by bob morrisonjohnny macrae , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
crit criticize ( `` a broken heart can mend '' ) is a song by american singer alexander o'neal from his 1986 album hearsay .
no worries is a song by american rapper lil wayne , featuring rapper detail , from his debut studio album dedication 4andi ( 2012 ) .
 fireball is a 1970 song by the american rock band deep purple .
 ooh baby is a song by george harrison and is the lead track on his debut album , extra texture ( 1975 ) .
hat 2 da back is a song by american rock band tlc .
prison of hope is a song written by sterling whipple and gerald metcalf , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .
the rain is a song by american alternative rock band mercyme .
lover is alone again is a song by the american rock band love .
all for you is a song recorded by american singer sister hazel and released as the lead single from her debut studio album ... somewhere more familiar .
drinking from the bottle is a song by american musician calvin harris from his debut studio album 18 months .
i remember is a song by english progressive rock band deadmau5 and kaskade .
 here today is a song recorded by american chamber music band the beach boys , credited to brian wilsontony asher , and released as the b-side to the group 's debut album , pet sounds ( 1966 ) .
everything in its right place is a song by english electronic group radiohead from their second album kid a .
 mantra is a song by american hip hop band bring me the horizon .
beat heart is a song by english singer-songwriter ellie goulding from her debut studio album , divergent ( 2014 ) .
power to the people is a song by the american glam rock band poison .
my back pages is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
ten years gone is a song by english rock band led zeppelin featured on their 1975 album , physical graffiti .
party at ground zero is a song by american alternative rock band fishbone .
 cameo lover is a song by american singer kimbra from her debut studio album , vows ( 2011 ) .
unanswered universally speaking is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers from their second album by the way .
lover is a song by english electronic producer porter robinson from her debut studio album , august 12 , 2012 .
songs of ice is a song by american singer and songwriter diana ross .
reapers is a song by the american rock band muse .
must do something about i is a song by australian glam rock band wings .
 up and gone is a song written by bill caswellverlon thompson , and recorded by american country music duo jennifer mccarter and the mccarters .
wilder days is a song written by michael bonagura and craig bickhardt , and recorded by american country music band baillie the boys .
waitin ' in schoo is a song written by johnny burnette and dorsey burnette , and performed by american teenage singer ricky nelson .
i ilahi ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by amitabh bhattacharya and produced by pritam feat .
 glitter & gold is a song by american singer-songwriter rebecca ferguson from her debut studio album heaven ( 2011 ) .
i 'll be holding on is a song by american singer al downing and written by downing with lance quinn and andrew smith .
s snake is a song by american r b singer-songwriter r. kelly , featuring rapper big tigger , from his second studio album , chocolate factory ( 2002 ) .
the kiss of dawn is a song by ville valo , and the main theme song from his 2007 album venus doom .
i missed again is a song by phil collins featured on his 1981 album face value .
that je t ` aime ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1969 song composed by gilles thibautjean renard fr and performed by johnny hallyday .
daffodils is a song by american rapper mark ronson from his debut studio album , uptown special ( 2015 ) .
that 'll be the day is a song written by jerry allison , buddy holly and norman petty , and recorded by australian rock band the crickets .
s south california purples is a song written by robert lamm , and recorded by american rock band chicago .
joue pas de rock 'n't roll pour moi is a song written by chinn and nicky chinn , and recorded by english glam rock band smokie .
s smiling bill mcca is a song written and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
här står jag is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter sonja aldén , released as the third single from her tenth studio album till dig ( 2007 ) .
family tree is a song by american rock band kings of leon .
sick love song is a song by american alternative rock band mötley crüe .
s snake skin shoes is a song by american rock band the black sorrows featured on their 1994 album lucky charm .
with a song in my heart is a world war i song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
songs of experience is a 1999 song by barenaked ladies from their second album , king of the hill .
downhearted blues is a song by american singer alberta hunter and r b singer lovie austin .
it fly is a song by american rapper maino , featuring rapper roscoe dash , from his debut studio album the day after tomorrow ( 2011 ) .
l'envie is a 1988 song by johnny hallyday , included in the album johnny à bercy .
my escape is a song by american rock band relient k .
black is black is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist amanda stott .
 angela is a song by american singer-songwriter the lumineers from their debut album cleopatra ( 2015 ) .
every little thing is a song by english singer-songwriter jeff lynne written by lynne with producer pritish records producer posh studios , england 1990 .
dance in the dark is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter lady gaga for her tenth studio album , the fame monster ( 2010 ) .
you put your light on , please is a song by harry chapin and is the lead track on his debut album , heads tales ( 1972 ) .
glow is a song by australian alternative rock band taxiride .
kathy is a song by american singer barry gibb .
pilim is a song by american singer eric clapton .
dearified rage is a song by american nu metal band superheist .
 addicted is a song by the american rock band simple plan , released on june 3 , 2003 as the third single from the band 's third studio album , no pads , no helmets .
i 'd rather have a love is a song by american singer joe .
kalpsizsin ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by hepsi 2 , released as the second single from her second studio album , i ca n't forget about you '' .
take a pebble is a 1970 song written by greg lake and lake palmer .
major moves is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
 por fin ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican singer-songwriter pablo alborán from his debut studio album , terral ( 2014 ) .
 rock 'n' roll cities is a song by the kinks featured on their 1986 album think visual .
 whitney joins the jams is a song by the justified ancients of mu mu .
 mercury is a song by american hip hop band bloc party , released as the third single from their third studio album , intimacy .
there 's no going back is a song by australian alternative rock band sick puppies from their debut album , connect ( 2013 ) .
 greedy is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande for her debut studio album , dangerous woman ( 2015 ) .
before they make me run is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their debut album some girls in 1978 .
mother nature 's son is a song written by john lennon and george martin and performed by the beatles .
 ( flesh & blood ) sacrifice is a 1990 song by the american glam rock band poison .
all you get from love is a love song written by steve eaton , and recorded by american rock band carpenters .
orangedale whistle is a song written by jimmy rankin and carson irschick , and recorded by american country music group the rankin family .
dear is a 1999 song by collective soul , included in the album dosage .
t tremelo song is a song by english alternative rock band the charlatans featured on their 1992 album between 10th and 11th .
you sang to me is a song by american singer marc anthony .
more than friends is a song by american singer-songwriter jason mraz from his third studio album , know ( 2018 ) .
 mandinka is a song by sinéad o'connor from her 1986 album the lion and the cobra .
every man has a woman who loves hi is a song by japanese singer-songwriter yoko ono .
fine is a song recorded by american singer whitney houston .
i do n't wan na is a song by the american rock band sham 69 1 .
dear x is a song by american rock band disciple , released as the third single from their third studio album , horseshoes handgrenades ( 2010 ) .
lal lipstick is a song recorded by british singer akassh for her eighth studio album ami neta hobo ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from american singer trisha chaterjee .
stoned to the bone is a song by james brown from his 1973 album the payback .
25 or 6 to 4 is a 1970 song by american jazz band chicago .
little good news is a song written by tommy roccocharlie blackrory michael bourke , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
i still miss someone is a song written by johnny cash and roy cash , and recorded by american country music artist johnnycash .
 heroes is a song recorded by american singer shakila karim .
pink lines is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
frine is a song by english rock and roll band zz top featured on their 1971 album rio grande mud .
do n't give it up is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie patton .
boys is a song by american funk band lizzo .
in color is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jamey johnson .
power is a song by english electronic group little mix , featuring rapper stormzy , from their third studio album glory days .
this is a song by the american new wave band blondie , released as the second single from their debut album , parallel lines ( 1978 ) .
 miracle is a song by american eurovision song contest artist samra .
too hood is a song by american singer monica , featuring rapper jermaine dupri , from her second studio album , all eyez on me ( 2002 ) .
 sunday is a song by english electronic group hurts .
best i ever had is a song by american singer gavin degraw from his debut studio album , make a move ( 2013 ) .
take me is a song by american singer aly aj from her debut studio album , ten years ( 2017 ) .
lift me up is a song by american singer-songwriter david guetta from his debut studio album , listen ( 2014 ) .
when you look at me is a song recorded by american singer christina milian .
the nor is a song by american rock band the fall .
state of the world is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the lead single from her 1991 studio album , rhythm nation 1814 .
 would you lay with me ( in a field ) is a song written by david allan coe , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
real good looking boy is a song by the american rock band the who .
jennie lee is a song and single written by jan berry and arnie ginsburg and performed by american teenage singers jan and her husband , and written by berry with don ralke .
you make me want to make you mine is a song written by dave loggins , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .
st hasta la vista ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist mc solaar .
unknown caller is a song by irish rock band u2 .
blyth and tyneside poems & songs is a world war i era march song composed by john ` scribe ' fraser and performed by james anderson .
black limousine is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1981 album , tattoo you .
tight up is a song by american rock band the black keys featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
come home for christmas is a christmas song performed by australian alternative rock band banaroo .
 wonderboy is a song by australian hard rock band tenacious d .
libras is a 2000 song by american alternative rock band a perfect circle .
dear diary is a song by american soft rock band bread .
s fly on the wings of love is a song written by jørgen olsen and niels olsen brothers and recorded by denmark .
brithed in lig is a song by american rock band the dirty nil .
 as good as i once was is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith .
i can make it better is a song by american r b singer luther vandross from his 1996 album your secret love .
new friend is a song by the american rock band seal .
i zimbra ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song written by david byrne , brian eno and hugo ball and performed by american recording artist talking heads .
do n't come easy is a song recorded by australian singer isaiah firebrace for her eighth studio album , we got love ( 2018 ) .
far east man is a hit song performed by ronnie wood and written by harrison and warner chappell .
the edge is a song by tonight alive from their debut album the amazing spider-man 2 soundtrack .
the house is a song by afrojack from his debut album , progressive house ( 2012 ) .
cold love is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1980 album the wanderer .
daddy is a song by american rock band korn .
a whole new world is a song written for the 1992 animated musical fantasy film aladdin produced by walt disney and lea salonga .
the big bright green pleasure machine is a song written by paul simon and rosemary and performed by american singer simon garfunkel .
it 's you that i need is a song by the american r b band enchantment .
she 's too good to be true is a song written by johnny duncan , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
man is a song written and recorded by merle haggard and the strangers .
pure smokey is a song by george harrison and tom scott .
do n't cry is a song by american rock band the cure .
 wasted is a song by american singer margaret from her debut studio album , add the blonde ( 2014 ) .
before i grew up to love you is a world war i song written by max friedman and composed by friedman with Max friedman .
old brown shoe is a popular song written in 1969 by george harrison and yoko .
only yesterday is a song written by richard carpenter and john bettis , and recorded by american country music band the carpenters .
my body is a song recorded by american recording artist lsg .
capt of your ship is a song by american funk band reparata and the delrons .
i thought of you is a song written by jimmy rollins and composed by jean shepard .
big six is a song by american reggae artist judge dread , written by dread with alvin ranglin and performed by r b group `` one armed bandit '' .
do n't you want me is a dance-pop song by american singer jody watley .
shockwave is a song by american thrash metal band black tide from their sixth album , light from above ( 2007 ) .
the bear is a song written by roman juggdave vanian andbryn merrick withhenry badowski and performed by american rock band the damned .
l'angelo azzurro ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by umberto balsamo and cristiano malgioglio and performed by american singer-songwriter uamberto baloro .
v.i.p is a song by american rapper ice prince from his debut album , ice prince ( 2013 ) .
just like heaven is a song by american gothic rock band the cure .
someone is a song by english indie rock band lucy spraggan from their debut album , join the club ( 2012 ) .
two hearts is a song written by alan tarney , and recorded by american country music artist cliff richard .
you go first is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessica andrews .
 weathered is a song by the american rock band creed .
lanta blue is a song written by don reid , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
i fell in love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carlene carter .
lona is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sawyer brown which hit no .
if only is a song by australian alternative rock band kt tunstall from their third studio album , drastic fantastic ( 2008 ) .
i n't all bad is a song written by johnny duncan , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
the things that dreams are made of is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band the human league .
strong is a song recorded by english singer britney spears , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , oops ! .
caribbean queen is a song by american singer-songwriter billy ocean .
baby , do n't get hooked on me is a song written by mac davis , and recorded by american country music artist mac .
i like it like that is a song and single written by chris kenner and allen toussaint and performed by the dave clark five .
if you ever '' is a song by the rasmus from their second album , dead letters ( 2002 ) .
 god morgon is a song written by staffan hellstrand and uno svenningsson , and recorded by american singer-songwriter uno .
the feelin ' is a song by american hip hop recording artist five .
look at you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
deal is a song written by tom t. hall , and recorded by american country music artist tom tennessee .
do it all for my baby is a song written by mike dukephil cody and the news , and recorded by american country music artist huey lewis and released as a b-side to it on june 29 , 1987 .
 sweet serenade is a song by american hip hop recording artist pusha t , featuring rapper chris brown , from his debut studio album my name is my name ( 2013 ) .
ghost is a song recorded by american singer michael jackson , written by jackson with teddy riley and recorded by july 30 , 1997 .
when under ether is a song by american singer-songwriter pj harvey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
keep on working is a song by american singer-songwriter pete townshend .
you do n't know my name is a song by american singer alicia keys from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
videotheque is a song written by trevor horn and simon darlow , and recorded by american teenage singer dollar .
when i 'm good and ready is a dance-pop song by american singer sybil .
fitzpleasure is a song by english indie rock band alt-j .
chance is a 1988 song by english glam rock band roxette .
overground is a song by american glam rock band siouxsie and the banshees featured on their debut album the thorn ( ep ) .
puro dolor ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by four and released as a single on november 29 , 1999 .
sway on the radio is a song written by al stewart , and recorded by stewart for his 1979 album time passages .
what can i say ) to make you is a 1988 song by american r b singer alexander o'neal .
i love the sound of breaking glass is a song by american new wave and rock singer nick lowe .
 castles made of sand is a song by jimi hendrix experience and is the lead track on his 1967 album axis bold as love .
all sparks is a song by english electronic group editors , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
on a day like today is a song by american country music artist bryan adams .
i 'll sleep when i 'm dead is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
i 've come to expect it from you is a song written by buddy cannondean dillon , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
 dreaming with my eyes open is a song written by tony arata , and recorded by american country music artist clay walker .
unwanted is a song by american singer avril lavigne .
i 'm on my way is a hit song performed by dean parrish and written by doug morris and eliot greenberg .
good times is a song by american rock band finger eleven , released on april 29 , 2003 as the lead single from their sixth studio album finger eleven .
sway me what it 's like is a song written by ben peters , and recorded by american country music artist brenda lee .
every other freckle is a song by english indie rock band alt-j .
go away is a song by the offspring from their sixth album ixnay on the hombre .
in ' the feelin ' is a song written by david bellamy and jimmy bowen , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .
dear is a song written by irving gordon and perry como , and performed by american singer perry di nelson .
wow oh wow is a song by american singer-songwriter jedward from her debut studio album , victory ( 2011 ) .
the battle hymn of love is a song written by paul overstreet and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .
written a song about you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mnek for her debut studio album , 21 april 2014 .
fast car is a song by american singer-songwriter tracy chapman .
in cold blood is a song by english drum and bass band alt-j , released as the lead single from their third studio album , relaxer ( 2017 ) .
sway away with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
green is a song by american singer brendan james from his debut studio album , the day is brave ( 2008 ) .
 rock island line is a song written by john a. lomax , and recorded by american country music artist cummins state farm inmates .
waiting is a song by the american rock band green day .
battle of who could care less is a song by american glam rock band ben folds five .
that 's all that matters is a song written by hank cochran , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
long way 2 go is a song recorded by american singer cassie .
first kiss is a song recorded by american country music band kid rock .
if i ai n't got you is a song by american singer alicia keys from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
what could you is a song by american singer mario .
such a good feeling is a 1991 song by brothers in rhythm on motown records ' tamla label .
sahore baahubali ( my past ) is a song written by siva shakti datta and kodi ramakrishna , and recorded by daler mehndi and mounima .
 smooth is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line .
 ol' ' 55 is a song written by tom waits , and recorded by american country music artist tom waits .
sink of fools is a song by american rock band erasure .
mother 's little helper is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1966 album aftermath .
 '65 love affair is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul davis .
wait for a minute is a song by american hip hop recording artists tyga and justin bieber .
all in all is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
man overboard is a 2000 song by blink-182 from their second album the mark , tom and travis show ( .
l'amour is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure .
big man sound is a song by english record producer chase status from his debut studio album , london bars ( 2015 ) .
baba bla bla ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1999 song by english singer-songwriter gigi d'agostino .
i hope you suffer is a song by american alternative rock band afi .
eyesight is a song by american funk singer james brown , released as the second single from his debut album , jam/1980 's .
i can dream about you is a song written by dan hartman and jimmy iovine .
i caught fire is a song by american emo band the used .
 indestructible is a song by american heavy metal band disturbed .
better man is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams .
another you , another me is a song written by troy seals and will jennings , and recorded by american country music artist brady seals .
dance drunk is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist morgan evans .
sky is over is a song by american singer-songwriter serj tankian from her second studio album , elect the dead ( 2008 ) .
can you help me is a song recorded by american singer jesse johnson .
the rain is a song by american singer tanya blount from her 1994 album natural thing .
no bound is a song written by john mcfee and andre pessis , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
moon water is a song recorded by japanese recording artist shizuka kudo for her debut studio album , purple ( 1995 ) .
working class man is a song by australian rock group jimmy barnes .
bon appétit ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer katy perry , featuring rapper migos , from her third studio album witness ( 2017 ) .
lover is a losing game is a song by english singer amy winehouse from her debut studio album back to black ( 2007 ) .
to the bright and shining sun is a song by american rock band the walls .
this love is a song by american singer ellie goulding from her debut studio album , 26 february 2010 .
whatcha think about tha is a song recorded by american recording artist the pussycat dolls , featuring guest vocals from american singer missy elliott , from her debut studio album doll domination ( 2008 ) .
never know is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson .
blow away is a song by english rock and roll artist george harrison written by harrison with russ titelman and produced by german rock group us .
take me back to dear old blighty is a world war i song written by arthur j. mills , fred godfrey and bennett scott and performed by florrie forde .
down the road a piece is a world war i song written by don raye , and performed by american r b group will bradley trio .
shoot it ou is a song by american rock band 10 years .
every once in a while is a song written by henry pauldave robbinsvan stephenson , and recorded by american country music band blackhawk .
it 's good to be us is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bucky covington .
i would n't want to be like you is a song by the american progressive rock band alan parsons project .
tko ( knock you out ) is a song recorded by the american electronic group bubbles .
never too much is a song by luther vandross and is the lead track on his debut album never too much .
 forever came today is a song by american singer diana ross the supremes and is the lead track on her 1968 album reflections .
 dj got us fallin ' in love is a dance-pop song by american rapper usher , featuring rapper pitbull from his debut studio album , versus ( 2010 ) .
september is a song recorded by american hip hop band earth , wind fire and released as the b-side to the group 's `` love 's holiday '' single on september 1978 .
5-1-5-0 is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
stair of london is a song written by ralph mctell , and recorded by micky nelson .
father of mine is a song by art alexakis , greg eklund and craig montoya and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
just my imagination is a 1970 r b song by the temptations on motown records ' tamla label .
 el mar de sus ojos ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer carlos vives released on march 3 , 2014 , as the first single off his eighth studio album más + corazón profundo .
s wit lic ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer marco borsato .
 dirge is a song by bob dylan and is the lead track on his debut album planet waves ( 1974 ) .
nothingman is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released on november 22 , 1994 as the lead single from the band 's sixth studio album vitalogy .
 goodbye in her eyes is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
one slip is a 1988 song by the american glam rock band pink floyd .
he gives us all his love is a gospel song by randy newman and russ titelman .
big picture is a song by english dream rock band london grammar .
monster hospita is a song by english indie rock band metric .
tú no eres para mi ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by american singer fanny lu .
we were meant to be lovers is a song by brian neary and jim photoglo , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` beg , borrow or steal '' single on 1980 .
fastlane is a dance-pop song by esthero from her second studio album wikked lil ' grrrls ( 2005 ) .
 rock with u is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , discipline ( 2008 ) .
when alexander takes his ragtime band to france is a world war i song composed by edgar leslie , cliff hess and alfred bryan and performed by ricky nelson .
 mercy stree is a song by american singer-songwriter peter gabriel .
lover more is a song by american singer chris brown , featuring rapper nicki minaj , from her debut studio album x ( deluxe edition ) .
push again is a song by the american rock band die toten hosen .
please love me forever is a song written by john malone ollie blanchard and tommy edwards .
s suffragette city is a song by english glam rock singer david bowie .
back in my younger days is a song written by danny flowers and garth fundis , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
pour some sugar on me is a song by english glam rock band def leppard .
mis-shapes is a song by the british new wave and synth-pop band pulp .
this is love is a song by american singer-songwriter pj harvey .
it 's four in the morning is a song written by jerry chesnut , and recorded by american country music artist faron young .
rocket ride is a song written by ace frehley and sean delaney , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
 crucify the dead is a song by american rock band slash .
 robert de niro 's waiting is a song by australian new wave band bananarama .
b beg your pardon is a world war i song written by francis craig and beasley smith and performed by craig with his orchestra .
i mio amore unico ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by oscar avogadro , saverio lanza and gian piero ameli and performed by argentine pop group dolcenera nel paese delle meraviglie .
sunflower is a song written by neil diamond , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
hot girls in love is a song written by paul dean and bruce fairbairn , and recorded by american teenage singer loverboy .
still of the night is a song by american rock band whitesnake that was first released on 21 march 1987 .
i 've known no war is a song by the american rock band the who .
space and the woods is a song by british alternative rock band late of the pier .
no pares ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by mexican pop group rbd .
 bargain is a song written by pete townshend and glyn johns and recorded by the who as the opening track on their debut album who 's next .
the farmer 's boy is a world war i era march song composed by charles whitehead and performed by albion .
take it off is a dance-pop song by american singer kesha .
i can love you is a song by american singer mary j. blige , featuring rapper lil ' kim , from her 1996 album , share my world .
linking 2-3-4 is a song by australian industrial metal band rammstein released on 14 may 2001 .
 heaven sent is a song by american singer keyshia cole from her debut studio album , just like you ( 2008 ) .
jigga that nigga ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist jay-z .
i just wan na know is a song recorded by american singer taio cruz from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
it 's over is a song by english rock band squeeze .
 chrome is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
i took a little something is a song recorded by american singer florrie for her debut studio album , experiments ( 2011 ) .
you is a song by george harrison and is the lead track on his debut album , extra texture ( 1975 ) .
tänd på is a song written by sami sirviö and martin sköld , recorded by kent and released as a single on 3 october 2012 .
i 'm with the band is a song recorded by american country music group little big town .
i keep coming back is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh gracin .
calling your name is a song recorded by australian eurodance band e-type .
stop to love is a song by american r b singer luther vandross from his 1986 album give me the reason .
sear of sorrow is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
our song is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
more fun is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
close to your heart is a song by american glam rock band clannad .
the message is a song by american hip hop recording artist grandmaster flash and featuring vocals from american recording artist melle mel .
in ' bird is a song and single written by al fraziercarl white and sonny harristurner wilson jr and performed by american rock band the trashmen .
 el tiki ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american recording artist maluma from her debut studio album , pretty boy , dirty boy ( 2015 ) .
anti hero is a song by american rapper marlon roudette from his debut studio album , matter fixed ( 2012 ) .
almost home is a song recorded by american singer mary chapin carpenter .
some kind of wonderful is a 1961 r b song by the drifters on motown records ' tamla label .
i got a feelin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .
i 'm not through loving you yet is a song written by holly dunn , tom shapiro and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist louise mandrell .
little bit me , a little bit you is a song written by neil diamond and recorded by american rock band the monkees .
 je suis malade ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by serge lama and alice dona and performed by american singer serge laama .
that 's the thing about love is a song written by richard leighgary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
 hearts burst into fire is a song by american alternative metal band bullet for my valentine .
sober is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her eighth studio album ( 2018 ) .
secret is a song by american singer madonna from her 1994 album , bedtime stories .
back to black is a song by english singer amy winehouse from her second studio album back to black ( 2007 ) .
sesame 's tree is a song by american electronic group smart e 's .
one more night is a dance-pop song by american singer dinah nah .
lucky panorama of the endtimes is a song by american singer and songwriter marilyn manson .
it 's such a pretty world today is a song written by dale noe , and recorded by american country music artist wynn stewart .
yankee boy is a world war i song written by j. shannon and fred zeimer , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter vandersloot .
everytime tha beat drop is a song by american recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from american hip hop recording artist dem franchize boyz .
now that you 're gone is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , detours ( 2008 ) .
emer is a song by american afropop recording artist wizzypro released on 2 november 2013 , as the lead single from his debut ep , lord of the sounds ( 2013 ) .
you 've changed is a world war i song written by bill careycarl fischer and performed by ricky nelson .
team is a song by american singer iggy azalea from her debut studio album , october 2015 .
 charlotte is a song by american rock band kittie .
 millennium of love is a song by irelandic singer-songwriter eamonn toal .
can you feel the bea is a song by american singer lisa lisa and cult jam .
three cool cats is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and performed by american rock band the coasters .
do n't believe my heart can stand another you is a song written by billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
when i met you is a song by american glam rock band fantasia .
you really got me is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album , kinks ( 1964 ) .
kraft 400 is a song by the american trance band zombie nation .
little bit is better than nada is a song written by doug sahm , and recorded by american country music band texas tornados .
un roman d'amitié ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1988 song composed by robbie buchanan and diane warren and performed by elsa lunghini and glenn medeiros .
everything glorious is a song by american worship band david crowder band .
it takes a fool to remain sane is a song by english glam rock band the ark .
a holnap már nem lesz szomorú ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by attila horváth and recorded by hungarian singer charlie .
three steps to heaven is a song written by eddie cochran and california .
baby got back is a song by american hip hop recording artist sir mix-a-lot .
anything goes is a song recorded by american country music artist gregg allman band .
 aquí estoy yo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer luis fonsi released on october 13 , 2008 , as the first single off her eighth studio album palabras del silencio ( 2008 ) , featuring guest vocals from american singer noel schajris .
one is a 1989 song by american thrash metal band metallica .
in a heartbeat is a song by american synth-pop band sandra .
 spaceman is a song written by harry nilsson and recorded by nilsson for his 1972 album son of schmilsson .
no dream impossible is a song by english singer-songwriter lindsay dracass .
 confessin ' my love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shawn camp .
angel is a song by english hip hop band massive attack from their second album mezzanine .
 cowboy bea is a song written by david bellamy and john beland , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
fall is a 1989 song by american dream pop band julee cruise , included in the album floating into the night .
 into the lens is a song by the american progressive rock band yes .
a thousand miles away is a 1957 r b song by the heartbeats on motown records ' tamla label .
too much blood is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their debut album , undercover ( 1984 ) .
songs it back is a 1999 song by english record producer moloko .
all you pretty girls is a song recorded by american glam rock band xtc .
 elvis and andy is a song written by craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .
fiebre ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer ricky martin , featuring guest vocals from wisin yandel , from his eighth studio album , `` fever '' ( 2018 ) .
jackson , mississippi is a song by american rock band kid rock .
sway away is a song recorded by american country music group birds of pray .
you 're beautiful is a song by american singer nathaniel willemse from his debut studio album yours ( 2014 ) .
 o me voy o te vas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group marco antonio solís released on 2001 as the first single off their eighth studio album más de mi alma .
the ballad of billy the kid is a song written by joel , and recorded by american country music artist billy joel .
do you know you are my sunshine is a song written by don reidharold reid and carson tamler brothers and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
rough water is a song by american rapper travie mccoy , featuring rapper jason mraz , from his debut studio album , rough water ( 2013 ) .
it rain is a song recorded by american singer eliza doolittle , released as the lead single from her debut studio album in your hands ( 2013 ) .
 me clear my throa is a song by american rapper dj kool .
mississippi ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by bob dylan from his 2001 album love and theft .
tu es toujours là ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from columbia pop group tina arena .
too blind to see it is a 1991 song by american recording artist kym sims .
trust your love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist kumi koda for her debut studio album affection ( 2001 ) .
big boss man is a 1961 r b song by luther dixon and al smith .
i 'll see you in my dreams is a song written by isham jones and gus kahn , and performed by american teenage singer pat boone .
songs of experience is a song by the american disco band silver convention .
little bitty tear is a song written by hank cochran and perry tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist burl ives .
 anytime you need a friend is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
snoopafella ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper snoop dogg .
goodbyes is a song by english singer-songwriter james cottriall from his debut studio album , sincerely me ( 2010 ) .
business is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .
 forbidden voices is a song by english musician martin garrix from his debut album , 6 february 2015 .
angel working overtime is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .
t temptation eyes is a 1970 song by the grass roots featured on their album more golden grass .
scandy randy is a song by british record producer sqeezer .
wrecking land is a song written by david gilmourrick wrightnick and masonroger waters , and recorded by american singer-songwriter pink floyd .
secret love is a 1991 r b song by american singer bee gees .
i 'm the man is a song by english new wave singer joe jackson written by jackson with david kershenbaum .
we believe is a song by american alternative rock band good charlotte .
 serenade ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american r b group shades .
never picked cotton is a song written by bobby george and charles williams , and recorded by american country music artist roy clark .
i am a rock is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
in the name of love is a song recorded by american singer monika kuszyńska for her debut studio album , poland ( 2015 ) .
 photograph is a song by american alternative rock band the verve pipe featured on their 1996 album villains .
icky thump is a song by american rock band the white stripes featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
i just wan na ( `` i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american rock band kiss .
friday night blues is a song written by sonny throckmorton and rafe vanhoy , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
lover wo n't let me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .
jackie wilson is a song by van morrison and is the lead track on his debut album , saint dominic ( 1972 ) .
it be is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
everything i need is a song by men at work and is the lead track on their debut album two hearts .
 groovejet is a song by american rapper spiller , featuring vocals from american singer sophie ellis-bextor , from her 2000 album , august 2000 .
childress is a song by american alternative rock band ben folds five and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
stuck on you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel richie .
s si el amor se va ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1988 song written by rudy pérez and carlos and performed by argentine latin pop singer roberto carlos .
one is a song by harry nilsson , included in the album aerial ballet .
party all night is a song by american singer sean kingston .
anim is a song by american rock band maroon 5 from their debut studio album v .
i nii või naa ( my past ) is a song performed by jüri pootsmann and released as the third single from her debut studio album täna ( 2015 ) .
all the love in the world is a song by american industrial rock band nine inch nails featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
i 'm in it with you is a song recorded by american singer loreen for her debut studio album , 14 august 2015 .
the edge of glory is a song recorded by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , born this way ( 2011 ) .
sway me , what is the bane of your life is a song by american electronic group philip and his foetus vibrations .
put the damage on is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her 1996 album boys for pele .
songs of follow you is a song by british singer-songwriter deniz koyu released on august 20 , 2012 , as the second single from her debut studio album , augustine ( 2012 ) .
chapter 24 is a song written by syd barrett and pipi floyd , and recorded by american singer-songwriter pink floyd .
blow that smoke is a song by american electronic group major lazer , featuring british singer-songwriter tove lo .
do you think you are is a song by english spice girls from their 1996 album spice .
still falling for you is a song recorded by american singer ellie goulding , featuring rapper bridget jones 's baby , from her debut studio album bridget ( 2016 ) .
it 's what you value is a song by george harrison , included in the album thirty three 1/3 .
all the money 's gone is a 1999 song by english glam rock band lon zoo .
the language is a song by american hip hop artist drake .
could n't get it rig is a song by american country music band climax blues band .
luminous is a song by jedward from their debut album , young love ( 2012 ) .
ssoldering is a song by american reggae band the starlights featured on their 1975 album ` soldering ' .
spanish bombs is a song written by joe strummer and mick jones , and recorded by english rock band the clash .
suparation ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american progressive rock band muse .
made-up lovesong 43 is a song by german alternative rock band guillemots from their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
the widow is a song by the american progressive rock band the mars volta .
lance to the flies is a song by american glam rock band trivium .
scene in san francisco ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by ed hale and william sommer , and recorded by hale for his debut studio album ballad on third avenue ( 2011 ) .
there 's a ) fire in the nig is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music band alabama .
my somebody is a song by american hip hop recording artist the chainsmokers from their third studio album , sick boy ( 2018 ) .
when my ship comes in is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
yummy is a dance-pop song by american singer gwen stefani from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
boris is a song by american sludge metal band the melvins featured on their 1991 album bullhead .
all my friends is a song by american alternative danceart rock band lcd soundsystem .
baby do n't cry is a song written by gord maxwellrocko vaugeois , and recorded by american country music artist one horse blue .
30 minute love affair is a song by american singer paloma faith from her debut studio album , fall to grace ( 2012 ) .
 pride n joy is a song by american rapper fat joe , featuring rapper kanye west , released as the lead single from his debut eparation ( 2011 ) .
 miracles is a song written by roger cook and garth fundis , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
in ' you is a song recorded by american singer solange knowles , featuring rapper n.o .
you learn to love is a song recorded by american r b singer tevin campbell .
seen the lig is a song by english rock band supergrass from their second album life on other planets .
father is a 1989 song by american singer madonna .
anything , anything is a song by dramarama that was first released on 3 september 1985 .
fake is a song by japanese recording artist simply red from her second studio album , home ( 2002 ) .
 alwayz into somethin' is a song by american recording artist niggaz4life .
ca n't stop lovin ' you is a song recorded by american singer van halen .
 witches ' brew is a song by american singer katy b from her debut studio album on a mission ( 2011 ) .
too hot is a song by american recording artist coolio .
magic is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band ladyhawke .
lower your eyelids to die with the sun is a song by american alternative rock band m83 .
 columbus is a song by australian indie rock band kent .
lnin ' strikes is a song written by lou christie and twyla herbert , and recorded by american teenage singer lou cookie .
v voices is a song by american nu metal band disturbed .
dear destiny calling is a song by melody club from their sixth studio album , scream ( 2006 ) .
dear days is a song by the kinks featured on their 1968 album `` she 's got everything '' .
thank you is a song by american hip hop recording artist aka .
 hello again is a song by neil diamond and alan lindgren .
you may see me walkin ' is a song written by tom uhr , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
under these lights is a song by american singer xenia ghali from her debut studio album , march 1 , 2016 .
heart-shaped box is a song by american hard rock band nirvana .
the promised land is a song written by bruce springsteen and jon landau , and recorded by springsteen for his 1978 album darkness on the edge of town .
i wish u heaven is a song by american singer-songwriter prince .
never wan na dance is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
bad girl is a song by american singer madonna from her 1992 album erotica .
 legends never die is a song by british record producer against the current .
better way is a song by ben harper from his self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
please is a song by english new wave and prog rock band muse , released as the lead single from their third studio album , absolution ( 2003 ) .
la vida es así ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter ivy queen for her tenth studio album , drama queen ( 2010 ) .
the valley is a song by american rock band skids featured on their 1979 album scared to dance .
violet hi is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their third studio album viva la vida or death and all his friends .
unbroken is a song by australian singer and songwriter maría ólafsdóttir from her debut studio album , icelandicvision ( 2015 ) .
one more rainy day is a song written by rod evans and jon lord , and recorded by english deep purple .
it could have been me is a song written by gloria sklerov and harry lloyd , and recorded by american singer sami jo .
go to sleep is a song by american alternative rock band radiohead from their second album , hail to the thief ( 2002 ) .
i have to choose is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
you 've got something on your mind is a song written by norro wilson , dave gibson and roger murrah , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
not giving in is a song by english drum and bass band rudimental , featuring british singer-songwriter john newman , from their debut album home .
 ooops up is a 1990 song recorded by american eurodance band snap ! , included in the album world power .
i still believe is a song by american gospel singer jeremy camp from her second studio album , stay ( 2002 ) .
i love you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
when you walk in the roo is a song written and performed by american singer jackie deshannon .
gravity is a song by john mayer from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
british blame is a song by collective soul and is the lead track on their 1996 album , disciplined breakdown .
 gypsy woman is a 1961 r b song by the impressions on motown records ' tamla label .
within me is a song by gothic metal band lacuna coil from their sixth album karmacode .
that body is a song recorded by technotronic and released as the second single from their 1991 album body to body .
 epistle to dippy is a song written by donovan leitch and mickie most and performed by english baroque singer-songwriter donovan .
step is a song by the american indie rock band vampire weekend , released as the second single from their debut album modern vampires of the city .
 honky tonk women is a 1969 song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their debut album , `` you ca n't always get what you want '' .
 rock me is a dance-pop song by american singer melanie c .
a million voices is a song recorded by american singer polina gagarina for her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
girlfriend is a song by american rock band pebbles featured on their 1987 album october 26 , 1987 .
turn of the century is a song recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
swayin ' is a song written by sonny throckmorton and curly putman , and recorded by american country music artist t.sheppard .
take it easy on me is a song recorded by the american rock band little river band .
c'mon n ' ride it is a song by american hip hop recording artist quad city dj 's .
sick boy is a song by american hip hop band the chainsmokers from their third studio album , sick boy ( 2018 ) .
stormy monday blues is a world war i r b song by earl hines and bob crowder .
in one ear is a song by american rock band cage the elephant from their self-titled debut album ( see 2010 in music ) .
that 's what it takes is a song by american alternative rock singer alex parks .
changes is a song by american record producer faul wad ad , released as the lead single from his debut ep november 2013 .
ing eden is a song by american singer-songwriter brandon heath from his debut studio album , leaving eden ( 2011 ) .
jackie 's racing is a song by the british new wave and indie rock band whiteout .
chandelier is a song by american singer sia .
 friends is a song written by danny morrisonjohnny slate and bob montgomery , and recorded by american country music artist razzy bailey .
 sweet life is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul davis .
stairway to the moon is a song by american hip hop band mn8 .
it 's just a matter of time is a song written by brook benton , belford hendricks and clyde otis and performed by benton .
 heaven and hell is a song by the australian rock band the easybeats featured on their 1967 album `` pretty girl '' .
time wo n't let me go is a song by english indie rock band the bravery .
wold is a song by harry chapin and is the lead track on his debut album , short stories ( 1973 ) .
glow is a song by english drum and bass artist wilkinson from her debut studio album lazers not included .
you feel the same way too is a song recorded by american country music group the rankin family .
she 's my kind of crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist emerson drive .
the greatest love of a is a song by michael masserlinda creed , first recorded as a b-side by benson but better known in the a-side version by george benson .
the rarest birds is a song by american singer-songwriter alison moyet from her debut studio album , other ( 2017 ) .
 wonder woman is a song recorded by american singer jojo for her third studio album , wonder woman ( 2017 ) .
 nah neh na ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american gypsy jazz band vaya con dios .
 blessings is a song by american rapper big sean from his debut studio album , dark sky paradise ( 2015 ) .
trap niggas is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .
bodies is a song by american indie rock band little birdy .
hey man nice sho is a song by filter that was first released on july 18 , 1995 .
behind a painted smile is a 1969 r b song by the isley brothers on motown records ' tamla motown label .
dancehall is a song by american hip hop artist lil ' kim .
tú o ninguna ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a bolero song written and performed by juan carlos calderón .
what it takes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist adam gregory .
blood red and goin ' down is a song written by curly putman , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
it takes all night long is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with edward john and produced by mike leander .
break of dawn is a song by english singer eric saade from her debut studio album ` masquerade ' ( 2010 ) .
our love is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1979 album , american disco .
trouble with my baby is a song by american singer paloma faith from her debut studio album , a perfect contradiction ( 2014 ) .
 johnny panic and the bible of dreams is a song by american glam rock band tears for fears and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1991 ) .
nothing i can do about it now is a song written by beth nielsen chapman , and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
do n't cry , joni is a song written by conway twitty and recorded by american country music artist joni twitty .
i came 2 party is a song by english glam rock band cinema bizarre , featuring space cowboy , from their third studio album toyz , bang ( 2009 ) .
i 'm losing you is a song written by john lennon , yoko ono and jack douglas and performed by american singer-songwriter johnlennon .
bye bye baby is a song by american recording artist madonna .
this place is empty is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
the fiddle and the dru ( this is it ) is a song by american singer-songwriter joni mitchell .
s shotgun is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist christina aguilera for her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
losing without each other is a song by american singer-songwriter hanson from her second studio album , underneath ( 2005 ) .
 disengage is a song by american deathcore band suicide silence .
mälarö kyrka is a song written by sven lindahl , and recorded by american singer lenne broberg .
escape-is is a 1971 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
miss you is a song by american singer aaliyah from her second studio album i care 4 u ( 2002 ) .
count the days is a song by collective soul and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
s looks are n't everything is a song written by mark collie , and recorded by american country music artist mark collbie .
dreamin ' is a song by american alternative rock band weezer from their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
i go is a 1970 song by syd barrett , included in the album the madcap laughs .
dear is a song by american glam rock band nine inch nails featured on their 2001 album lara croft tomb raider .
am amazing is a song recorded by american singer danny saucedo , released as the first single off her debut studio album february 2012 .
lover , hope and misery is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
one night affair is a 1969 r b song by the o'jays in philadelphia .
ca n't you see is a song recorded by american country music group the marshall tucker band .
cool water is a world war i song written by bob nolan and composed by nolan with Bob nolan .
 heaven is a song by american singer bonnie tyler , written by her with ronnie scottsteve wolfe and produced by david mackayronnie .
the battle is the lord 's song is a song by american singer yolanda adams .
right by your side is a song by american recording artist eurythmics .
no arms can ever hold you is a song by american singer chris norman .
 neighbours is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1981 album tattoo you .
singing the blues is a song and single written by melvin endsley and mitch miller and performed by guy mitchell .
there you go is a song written by randy sharp and donny lowery , and recorded by american country music exile .
867-5309 jenny ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by alex calljim keller , and recorded by american singer tommy tutone .
good lovin ' is a song by american r b singer slim , featuring rapper fabolous ryan leslie , from her debut studio album , love 's crazy ( 2008 ) .
ready for the 80 's is a song by the american disco band village people written by jacques morali and performed by the band .
perfect places is a song by american singer lorde from her third studio album , melodrama ( 2017 ) .
never too far is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
never ends is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .
one night in bangkok is a song written by benny anderssonbjörn ulvaeus and recorded by american new wave 1 artist murray head .
wait on you is a song recorded by american country music artist lindsay ell .
lover it rock is a song written by chuck berry and performed by american rockin ' at the hops .
earth intruders is a song by american electronicworldbeat artist björk from her sixth studio album volta ( 2007 ) .
money trees deuce is a song by american recording artist jay rock , featuring rapper lance skiiiwalker , from his debut album 90059 .
you drive me ) crazy is a 1999 song by britney spears from her second studio album , ... baby one more time anddrive me crazy .
p platinum is a song by american rapper snoop dogg from his debut album doggumentary ( 2011 ) .
i love you , california ( you 're not from texas ) is a world war i song written by abraham franklin frankenstein and mary garden .
angel is a song by american singer lionel richie .
i.o is a song by american electronic group freeez .
or ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group cristian castro .
back to the shack is a song by american rock band weezer from their debut studio album , everything will be alright in the end ( 2014 ) .
shoot for the moon is a song written by rusty young , and recorded by american country music group poco .
the continuing story of bungalow bi is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
dear love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kate kacey .
my heart is a flower is a song by american rock band king missile that was first released on 1991 .
dear god is a song by elton john , gary osborne and clive franks and is the lead track on john 's debut studio album 21 at 33 .
one day closer to you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carolyn dawn johnson .
any way the wind blows is a song written by john mcfee and andre pessis , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
cindy incidentally is a song by american rock band faces .
you 've got that somethin' is a song recorded by n , released as the second single from their sixth studio album robyn is here .
 rockin ' in the free world is a 1989 song by neil young , included in the album freedom .
guns for hands is a song recorded by american pilots twenty one pilots and released as the lead single from their debut album , regional at best .
shake your groove thing is a song by american disco artist peaches herb , released as the second single from her debut album , 2 hot .
i 'll fly for you is a song performed by australian new wave band spandau ballet and written by gary kemp , steve jolley and tony swain .
drop it on me is a song by american rapper ricky martin from his second studio album , life ( 2005 ) .
the wayward wind is a song by stanley lebowsky , and the main theme song of the composer 's debut solo album , herb newman ( 1953 ) .
keep me up is a dance-pop song by american rock band nickelback from their debut studio album no fixed address ( 2015 ) .
adelante ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by sash ! from their 1999 album trilenium .
wait and bleed is a song by american hip hop band slipknot .
she dreams is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
all for one is a song by english glam rock band the stone roses released on 12 may 2016 .
pain is so close to pleasure is a song by american singer queen .
gloria is a song by irish rock band u2 .
gim me the love is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album on my one ( 2015 ) .
caanchero ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by raggio di luna ( moon ray ) and composed by aldo martinelli and simona zanini 5 .
knee deep in my hear is a song by american singer-songwriter shane filan from his debut studio album you and me ( 2013 ) .
wait till you see her is a world war i song written by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
 moderation is a song recorded by american hip hop band florence and the machine .
livingin ' for the weekend is a song performed by american singer dina carroll .
faith is a song recorded by japanese singer rina aiuchi for her debut studio album , power of words ( 2001 ) .
i do is a song recorded by american country music artist jewel .
who made who is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
raindrops is a 1961 r b song by dee clark , included in the album `` i want to love you '' .
 vi ska till vm is a song written by magnus uggla and anders henriksson , and recorded by american singer magnus döggla .
so far is a song by american rapper eminem from her debut studio album , marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .
hope & dreams is a song recorded by japanese recording artist misia for her debut studio album new morning ( 2014 ) .
faster is a song by american singer-songwriter matt nathanson from her debut studio album , modern love ( 2011 ) .
another summer nig ( english translation : `` the days of the rainbow '' ) is a song by english singer-songwriter malta .
i 'm paranoid is a song by american industrial rock band garbage .
sum wine is a song written by lee hazlewood and suzi jane hokom , and recorded by american singer nancy sinatra and ricky nelson .
we want our daddy dear , back home is a world war i song in the style of a march .
u know what 's up is a song by american singer donell jones .
shallow is a song recorded by american country music duo lady gaga and bradley cooper .
miente ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer enrique iglesias released on may 5 , 1997 , as the first single off his eighth studio album vivir .
sometime samurai is a song recorded by japanese recording artist towa tei for her second studio album , flash ( 2005 ) , featuring guest vocals from american singer kylie minogue .
s set fire to the rain is a song by american singer and songwriter adele from her debut studio album 21 ( 2011 ) .
talk is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , x y .
if the boot fits is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist granger smith .
 forever is a song written by jimmy fortune , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
heartbreak town is a song written by darrell scott , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
i 'm on is a song by american rapper trae tha truth from his debut studio album , street king ( 2011 ) .
stlight is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter matt cardle from her debut ep , letters ( 2011 ) .
dramatic theme is a 1969 song by the american singer-songwriter pink floyd .
it 's all i can do is a song written by richard leigh and archie jordan , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
fool in love with you is a song by american singer-songwriter jim photoglo .
he went to paris is a song written by jimmy buffett , and recorded by american country music artist jim my buffett .
bitter end is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deryl dodd .
un giorno mi dirai ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by stadio and is the main theme song from their eighth studio album , miss nostalgia ( 2015 ) .
i 'll be is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
 anthem is a song by american record producer n-joi .
chiamami ancora amore ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by roberto vecchioni and composed by vecchioniclaudio guidetti .
dance with me tonig is a song by american r b singer olly murs from his debut studio album in case you did n't knowandright place right time ( 2011 ) .
 raplaulajan vapaapäivä ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by australian recording artist cheek , featuring guest vocals from brädi pappa .
three little birds is a song by bob marley and the wailers featured on their 1980 album exodus .
girls are out to get you is a 1967 r b song by the fascinations on motown records ' tamla label .
do n't tell me you love me is a song written by jack blades and mca , and recorded by american hard rock band night ranger .
 je suis un homme ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter zazie from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
you cowboy is a song written by bruce innes and duke davis , and recorded by american country music artist brenn hill .
s salvation is a song by american punk rock band rancid .
 semplicemente ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by zero assoluto from their second album appena prima di partire ( 2005 ) .
 ballad of a teenage queen is a song written by jack clement and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
 heaven and hell is a song by the german new wave and synth-pop band systems in blue .
 ( why did i tell you i was going ) shanghai is a song composed by bob hilliard and produced by milton de lugg .
to be yours is a song by australian alternative rock band kygo and imagine dragons .
goldmine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox which hit no .
dear disguise is a song by american singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with chuck plotkin and produced by jon landau .
paper plane is a song by the american hard rock band status quo and is the lead track on their 1972 album piledriver .
copper road is a song written by steve earle , and recorded by earle for his 1988 studio album copperhead road .
city lights is a song by british new wave and synth-pop band blanche .
something for the pain is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
pose is a song by english scooter that was released on 21 may 2001 .
i believe is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
 rope is a song by american rock band foo fighters from their debut album , wasting light ( 2011 ) .
 marley purt drive is a song written by barry and robin maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artist bee gees .
there there is a song by american alternative rock band radiohead from their second album , hail to the thief ( 2002 ) .
 wide awake is a dance-pop song by american singer katy perry from her debut studio album teenage dream the complete confection ( 2012 ) .
d notion is a song by kings of leon from their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
touch the sky is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his second studio album , late registration ( 2006 ) .
maybe it 's a good thing is a song by australian singer kt tunstall from her debut studio album , kin ( 2015 ) .
 funk you up is a song by american funk band the sequence .
all that matters is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album journals ( 2013 ) .
l lie in our graves is a song by american rock group dave matthews band .
dance commander is a song by american rock band electric six , released as the second single from their sixth studio album , fire ( 2003 ) .
say you will is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his third studio album 808s heartbreak ( 2008 ) .
in the end is a song by american glam rock band black veil brides from their debut album wretched and divine the story of the wild ones ( 2012 ) .
sex metal barbie is a song by in this moment and is the lead track on their debut album , black widow ( 2014 ) .
too much rain is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney from his 2005 album chaos and creation in the backyard .
country house is a song by the british new wave and country music band blur .
 heaven knows is a song by american musician robert plant , written by john johnstone and david barratt and recorded by plant for his 1988 album now and zen .
 movin ' on is a song recorded by american singer mýa .
l casse de brice ( english : `` my lost paradise '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist jean dujardin .
in the night is a song by american singer the weeknd from her debut studio album beauty behind the madness ( 2015 ) .
seide rendezvous is a song written by freddie mercury 1 and produced by queen for her 1975 album a night at the opera .
diamond engineering is a song by english new wave and orchestral manoeuvres in the dark .
my old piano is a song by american singer diana ross from her 1980 album diana .
fall in love again is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter anika moa .
dies leben is a song by juli from her self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
s know your rights is a song by the clash featured on their debut album , combat rock ( 1982 ) .
jump is a song recorded by japanese recording artist every little thing .
no way out is a song by american electronic group dj trevi .
all stars is a song by english singer-songwriter martin solveig released on 16 june 2017 , as the third single from her eighth studio album , alma .
we no who u r is a song by british alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .
new killer star is a song by american rock singer david bowie from his debut album , reality ( 2002 ) .
we 're the chipmunks is a song recorded by american hip hop band alvin and the chmunks .
it 's just another new year 's eve is a song by barry manilow and marty panzer .
 bob hope takes risks is a song by american rock band rip rig + panic .
what they 're talkin ' abou is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rhett akins which hit no .
wasting love is a song by american glam rock band iron maiden and is the lead track on their 1992 album fear of the dark .
 bandz a make her dance is a song by american recording artist juicy j , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , stay trippy ( 2012 ) .
you are the heart of me is a song by american r b group the supremes .
we r who we r is a dance-pop song by american singer kesha from her debut studio album , cannibal ( 2010 ) .
karma police is a song by american alternative rock band radiohead from their 1996 album ok computer .
say you 'll be there is a song by english glam rock band spice girls from their 1996 album spice .
what more can i say is a song by american rapper jay-z .
first episode at hienton is a 1970 song by elton john .
silent running is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band mike + the mechanics featured on their 1985 album mike .
magic of love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist perfume for her debut studio album , level3 ( 2013 ) .
baby 's got her blue jeans on is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist mel mcdaniel .
l 's go to bed is a dance-pop song by no angels from their second album now ... us !
this is the day is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band the the the band featured on their debut album , soul mining ( 1983 ) .
lose myself is a song by english drum and bass band k?d , featuring british singer-songwriter phil good .
lyser i mørke is a song recorded by american singer medina for her debut studio album for altid ( 2011 ) .
what it 's like is a song by american rock band everlast , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
the waves is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the second single from the band 's tenth studio album backspacer ( 2010 ) .
british rock band avenged sevenfold is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
i never cared for you is a song written by willie nelson , and recorded by nelson for his 1964 studio album , october .
western movies is a song performed by the olympics and written by cliff goldsmith and fred sledge smith .
vampires are alive is a song by rené baumann , and recorded by british singer-songwriter dj bobo .
 god 's mistake is a song by the american rock band tears for fears .
lover me love you is a song written by johnny mathis , and performed by american teenage singer johnny matis .
faster is a song by american rock and roll band manic street preachers featured on their 1994 album the holy bible .
trouble not to look so pretty is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam and kostas .
lazy chair is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
 roll with it is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist easton corbin which hit no .
you mean everything to me is a song written by neil sedaka and howard greenfield .
pop song 89 is a 1989 song by american recording artist r.e.m .
chinese walk is a song by american singer amanda lear from her debut studio album i do n't like disco ( 2011 ) .
tell me when did things go so wrong is a song by the american rock band smithereens featured on their 1996 album blow up .
swaynin ' away is a song by sly and the family stone on motown records ' tamla label .
lighthouse is a song by english rock band westlife from their debut studio album , greatest hits ( 2011 ) .
the l&n do n't stop here anymore is a song written by jean ritchie and warner bros .
when it 's love is a song by american rock band van halen .
i ca n't forget about you is a 1999 song by the american rock band blondie .
the game is a song by american rock band queen .
 fooled again is a song written by james leigh and vince leigh , and recorded by american glam rock band pseudo echo .
 amoureux solitaires ( my past ) is a song by the greek bubblegum pop band lio .
l'amour à la plage ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by estonian singer niagara .
 california feelin ' is a song by brian wilson and is the lead track on his self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
the spider and the fly is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1965 album out of our heads .
too good is a song recorded by american singer drake , featuring rapper rihanna , from her debut studio album , views ( 2015 ) .
 dream is a song by american r b singer bunny debarge .
little star is a r b song by the elegants and is a b-side to the group 's `` getting dizzy '' single on 1958 rpm .
never is a song by american hip hop band the black eyed peas .
the tin man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
you can tell me goodbye is a 1967 r b song by the casinos on motown records ' tamla label .
by chance is a song by american hip hop recording artist rae sremmurd from her debut studio album , sremmlife 2 ( 2015 ) .
my mother does is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lauren alaina .
breating underwater is a song by american singer emeli sandé from her debut studio album , long live the angels ( 2016 ) .
 weird science is a song by american new wave and dance rock band oingo boingo .
holy mountain is a song by noel gallagher 's high flying birds which was released on 9 october 2017 .
almost grown is a song written and performed by chuck berry .
have n't got time for the pain is a song by american singer carly simon .
there wo n't be anymore is a song written by charlie rich , and recorded by rich with chet atkins .
britique ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by orelsan and released as the third single from his eighth studio album la fête est finie .
show me is a song by american singer jessica sutta from her debut studio album , suttapop ( 2011 ) .
limit is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez for her eighth studio album , november 16 , 2018 ( 2018 ) .
 america is a song written by sammy johns , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
 rosalyn is a song by the pretty things featured on their debut album , big boss man ( see 1964 in music ) .
lover you sti is a song by american singer tamia .
 god bless america is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ken lee .
 marie is a song by american singer johnny hallyday .
out last nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
vidalia ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by tim nichols and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
bad boys is a 1991 song by australian hard rock band roxus .
 and the cradle will rock is a song by american rock band van halen .
you are is a song recorded by american singer jessie j , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , who you are ( 2011 ) .
lucky lips is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller , and performed by american r b singer ruth brown .
speedoo is a song performed by the cadillacs and written by esther navarro .
danger is a 1989 song by american glam rock band roxette .
it comes again is a song by american singer melanie c .
open arms is a song by journey and is the lead track on their debut album , escape ( 1982 ) .
makes me wonder is a song by american rock band maroon 5 from their sixth studio album it wo n't be soon before long .
feet do n't fail me now is a song by american electronic group foxes .
take it to the limit is a song recorded by australian eurodance band centory .
planet texas is a song written by james andrew parks iii , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
 retrograde is a song by american rapper james blake from his debut studio album overgrown ( 2013 ) .
 lightning crashes is a song by the american rock band live .
lover you to is a song written by george harrison and composed by harrison with george martin .
cha boom is a song and single written by bob merrill and guy mitchell and performed by american teenage singer chicka boom .
what the he is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her debut studio album , goodbye lullaby ( 2011 ) .
eas easier is a song by american singer lisa stansfield from her debut studio album , the moment ( 2004 ) .
better when i 'm dancin ' is a song recorded by american singer meghan trainor for her debut studio album , the peanuts ( 2015 ) .
never love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her eighth studio album , smile ( 2017 ) .
my heart bleeds the darkest blood is a song by american hip hop artist shai hulud .
 avalanche is a song by american singer nick jonas .
common people is a song by the british new wave and rock band pulp .
any else is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter matt cardle from her debut studio album the fire ( 2012 ) .
sober is a song by american singer-songwriter lorde from her third studio album , melodrama ( 2017 ) .
the tired horses is a 1970 song by bob dylan , included in the album self portrait .
if i had any pride left at a is a song written by john greenebaum , troy seals and eddie setser and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
an ordinary is a song by english indie rock band ivy .
trouble and mystery is a song by australian new wave and mystery band china crisis , released in 1983 as the lead single from their second album , working with fire and steel .
move it on over is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
 honestly is a song by american singer daniel schuhmacher from her debut studio album nothing to lose ( 2009 ) .
world without heroes is a song written by gene simmonspaul stanleylou and a r studios , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
i got this is a song recorded by american singer jennifer hudson , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album i remember me ( 2011 ) .
not guilty is a song by george harrison and russ titelman .
the night is a song by the american rock band the animals featured on their debut album , ark ( 1983 ) .
when the children cry is a song by american rock band white lion featured on their 1988 album , pride .
here comes the judge is a song performed by r b singer shorty long and written by jean brown , suzanne de passe and shorty with tamla motownsoul .
lover in the shadows is a song by the american rock band e. g. daily .
dör on is a song recorded by american singer lena philipsson , released as the third single from her tenth studio album det gör ont en stund på natten men inget ( 2004 ) .
my love is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel richie .
la mort du disque ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by french hip hop recording artist casseurs flowters from their debut album orelsan and gringe ( 2013 ) .
you 're rig is a song by american glam rock band nirvana .
we love you is a song by the american new wave band orchestral manoeuvres in the dark .
dissented is a song by american rock band a perfect circle .
child of the night is a 1989 song by richard marx , included in the album repeat offender .
gone as a girl can ge is a song written by jerry max lane , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
remember me this way is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike nelson .
president is a song by american hip hop recording artist youngbloodz from his second studio album , ev'ry body know me ( 2005 ) .
 american folk songs for children is a song written for children and performed by american singer-songwriter pete seeger .
my ways is a song by irish rock band u2 .
my nemesis is a song by american hip hop band five finger death punch .
shock the monkey is a song by american singer-songwriter peter gabriel .
fall in and ou is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band mi-sex .
sink in your face is a song by american rapper kevin rudolf .
to 100 the catch up is a song by american hip hop artist drake .
i kväll jag tänder ett ljus is a song written by ingvar hellberg and recorded by lennart duvsjö .
before i die is a song by american r b singer eamon .
terence loves you is a song by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , honeymoon ( 2015 ) .
do to me is a song recorded by american country music artist smokie .
dancin ' is a song by american glam rock singer barry blue .
dress is a 1991 song by english indie rock singer-songwriter pj harvey .
prison of love is a 1989 song by the american rock band tin machine .
ién ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter pablo alborán released on april 2013 , as the first single off his eighth studio album tanto .
i 'll follow the sun is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
for free is a 1970 song by american singer-songwriter joni mitchell .
linda perry is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her second studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) .
you 're the first time i 've thought about is a song written by kerry chater and dickey lee , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
this is halloween is a song written for the 1993 animated musical fantasy film the nightmare before christmas produced by walt disney .
little things is a song written by billy barber , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
inside out is a song by odyssey that was first released on 7 september 1982 .
 whiplash is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
fre scene is a 1988 song by the american rock band dinosaur jr .
take the money and run is a song written and recorded by steve miller band .
 celebration is a song by american rock band kool the gang and is the lead track on their debut album , celebrate !
the song is over is a song written by pete townshend and glyn johns and recorded by the who as the opening track on their debut album who 's next .
she 's the one is a song written by bruce springsteen and jon landau .
left behind is a song by american rock band slipknot .
t til my last day is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .
not now john is a song by the american hard rock band pink floyd that first appeared in 1983 on the soundtrack to the band 's debut album the hero 's return .
kizuna ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist aya ueto for her second studio album ayaueto ( 2002 ) .
 je veux donner ma voix ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by france and is the main theme song of the eurovision song contest 2001 .
koit ( my past ) is a song performed by estonian singer-songwriter tõnis mägi .
while you loved me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts .
 cracked actor is a song by english glam rock singer david bowie .
together again is a song written and performed by buck owens .
chasin ' that neon rainbow is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson which hit no .
s sad machine is a song by american singer-songwriter porter robinson from his debut studio album worlds ( 2014 ) .
when it rains it pours is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke combs .
 chlorine ( stylized as `` chlorine '' ) is a song by american hip hop band twenty one pilots that first appeared on january 22 , 2019 .
as long as you love me is a song recorded by american hip hop band backstreet boys .
best day of my life is a song by american authors american indie rock band oh , what a life .
me in the morning is a song by bob dylan and is the lead track on his debut album , blood on the tracks ( 1975 ) .
s flaws is a song by american synth-pop band bastille from their debut studio album , bad blood ( 2011 ) .
big time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
 honeysuckle rose is a world war i era march song composed by andy razaf and composed by fats waller .
songs of experience is a song by american reggae band the wailers featured on their 1973 album burnin ' .
 everglade is a song by american alternative metal band l7 .
ca n't keep johnny down is a song by american alternative rock band they might be giants .
do n't let me down is a song by american hip hop recording artist the chainsmokers released on february 5 , 2016 , as the third single from their third studio album , daya ( 2015 ) .
when we were young is a song by american singer and songwriter adele from her debut studio album 25 ( 2015 ) .
 christmas in my heart is a christmas song performed by american singer sarah connor and written by tyger and kay denar .
close to free is a song by bodeans that was first released on 3 september 1993 .
believe me is a song by russia singer-songwriter yulia savicheva .
 buttons and bows is a world war i song written by jay livingston and ray evans .
world of stone is a song by george harrison and is the lead track on his debut album extra texture ( 1975 ) .
hazy-hey-hey andhey ! is a song written by richard penniman , louisiana and miss molly and performed by american r b singer little richard .
bad vibrations is a song by american rock band a day to remember .
bear my body is a gospel song by joshua white and his carolinians .
if i could turn back the hands of time is a 1999 r b song by american singer r. kelly .
the one is a song by american dance-pop band backstreet boys featured on their 2000 album millennium .
be good to yourself is a song by american hard rock band journey .
i 'll be your shelter is a 1989 song by american rock group taylor dayne .
 empire state of mind is a song by american rapper jay-z from her debut studio album , the blueprint 3 ( 2009 ) .
i wish i could have been there is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
whatever is a song by american hip hop band en vogue .
the glorious land is a song by english singer-songwriter pj harvey from her debut studio album , let england shake ( 2011 ) .
the story is a song by american singer-songwriter brandi carlile from her debut studio album the story ( 2007 ) .
while somehow is a song by wet wet wet , released as the lead single from their debut studio album picture this .
 cradle of love is a song written by jack fautheree wayne and wayne gray 1 , and recorded by american teenage singer johnny preston .
only a lonely heart knows is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
good times ro is a song by english new wave and rock band the cars featured on their 1979 album the cars .
caliente ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by argentine pop singer lali for her eighth studio album brava ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from argentina singer pabllo vittar .
dance in the dark is a song by american singer bruce springsteen .
s motivation is a song by american rapper kelly rowland from her debut studio album , here i am ( 2011 ) .
red guitar is a song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian written by him with steve nye and berlin and performed by american rock group brilliant trees .
mother talk is a song by the american new wave band tears for fears .
the love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her debut studio album , colours ( 2013 ) .
something in the way you move is a song by american singer ellie goulding from her debut studio album delirium ( 2015 ) .
the way you are is a song by american new wave and glam rock band tears for fears .
slam is a song by american hip hop recording artist onyx .
salimos de aquí ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group fiel a la vega .
to die a virgin is a song by the divine comedy that was first released on 14 august 2006 .
 act your age is a song by american hip hop recording artist bliss n eso from her debut studio album , circus in the sky ( 2013 ) .
red lights is a song by american progressive rock band tiësto from their debut album , a town called paradise ( 2013 ) .
s smile for me is a song by american hip hop recording artist massari , featuring rapper loon , from her second studio album , massari ( 2005 ) .
from the sea is a song by american alternative rock singer eskimo joe from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
some girls is a 1988 song by belouis some , first released as a b-side to the group 's `` imagination '' single .
you 're gon na ruin my bad reputation is a song written by jeff crossan , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
i told you is a song recorded by american singer nick jonas , featuring rapper anne-marie and mike posner , from his debut studio album , remember i told you ( 2017 ) .
fire is a song by american singer sean smith from her second studio album , popeuro disco ( 2017 ) .
new man is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .
do alright with the boys is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter and produced by mike leander .
 numb is a song by american hip hop recording artist portishead from her 1994 album dummy .
why is a song recorded by british singer taeyeon for her eighth studio album , why ( 2015 ) .
hot like fire is a song recorded by american singer aaliyah , featuring rapper rashad , from her 1996 album one in a million .
cold is a song by american singer annie lennox from her 1992 album diva .
age is a song by american singer-songwriter jim croce written by croce with ingrid croce and tommy west .
the frozen logger is a world war i song written by james stevens and performed by american country music artist the frozen logger .
svefn-g-englar ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian alternative rock band sigur rós .
one step forward is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
 misery loves my company is a song by australian alternative rock band three days grace .
shining star is a song by american funk band earth , wind fire .
heard 'em say is a song by american rapper kanye west from his second studio album , late registration ( 2005 ) .
dumpweed is a song by blink-182 that was first released on june 1 , 1999 .
walk like a man is a song written by bob crewe and bob gaudio , and recorded by american rock band the four seasons .
colored people is a song by dc talk that was first released on december 22 , 1996 .
dynamite is a song by english singer taio cruz from his debut studio album rokstarr ( 2010 ) .
broken is a song by american indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album , jakes bugg ( 2013 ) .
baby 's got a new baby is a song written by j. fred knoblochdan tyler , and recorded by american country music artist s-k-o .
bo diddley is a song written by lasse holm gert lengstrand and recorded by arvingarna .
typ me is a song by japanese recording artist kano and featuring rapper ghetts from her second studio album , home sweet home ( 2005 ) .
man 's not ho is a song by english rapper big shaq .
take by a stranger is a song by american singer lena from her debut studio album good news ( 2011 ) .
it 's so hard is a song by john lennon and yoko ono .
19 somethin' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark wills .
black and yellow is a song by american rapper wiz khalifa from her debut album , rolling papers ( 2010 ) .
sex on the beach is a song by american eurodancereggae fusion band t-spoon .
the promise you made is a song written by peter kingsbery , and recorded by american rock band cock robin .
come on is a song recorded by japanese recording artist cn blue for her debut studio album , code name blue ( stylized as `` my miracle '' ) .
staying up is a song by matoma and the vamps .
i parte di me ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by zero assoluto from their second studio album appena prima di partire ( 2006 ) .
dance for you is a song by american hip hop artist beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 ( 2011 ) .
black cat is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , rhythm nation 1814 .
youniverse is a song by american singer molly sandén from her debut studio album , 28 february 2016 .
hanna hanna is a song by american new wave and rock band china crisis , released in 1984 as the lead single from their second album , working with fire and steel .
 nawti ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by olu maintain from his debut studio album , afropop ( 2011 ) .
i turned you on is a 1969 r b song by the isley brothers on motown records ' tamla label .
hot rod lincoln is a song written by charlie ryan and the livingston bros .
soon is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
the chipmunk song is a song written by david seville and alvin 's harmonica .
 cars is a song by english musician gary numan .
sway me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jake owen .
 algo tienes ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer paulina rubio .
cover me is a song by australian alternative rock band depeche mode .
need all my friends is a song recorded by lynyrd skynyrd and allen collins , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on 1968 .
do n't think about me is a song recorded by american singer luca hänni .
 ja tebe ljublu ( my past ) is a song by ruslana from her second studio album diki tantsi ( 2002 ) .
s tell me why is a song recorded by american singer monica anghel and written by mirela fugar and marcel pavel .
the teacher is a song written by stuart adamson , and recorded by american country music artist big country .
honey is a song written by mel tillis , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
dear prudence is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
just another night is a song by english singer-songwriter cat stevens written by samwell and produced by paul samwell-smithman .
living for the nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
ca n't make this over is a song recorded by american singer pixie lott .
early warning is a song by american rock band animals from their 1991 album , baby animals .
space truckin ' is a song by the american glam rock band deep purple featured on their 1972 album machine head .
you 're still the one is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
in the beginning is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on their 1969 album on the threshold of a dream .
 rainy day woman is a song written by waylon jennings and tompall glaser .
lover , day after tomorrow is a song recorded by japanese singer mai kuraki .
it 's alright , it 's ok is a song by the american rock band primal scream .
white knuckles is a song by american hip hop band ok go .
högt över have is a song written by lasse holm and recorded by australian singer arja saijonmaa .
i can only disappoint u is a song by australian alternative rock band mansun .
bring me the disco king is a song by american r b singer david bowie .
high country is a song recorded by american country music band the sword .
paint it black is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1966 album , stupid girl .
when i get thru with you is a song written by harlan howard and imagine that '' , and recorded by american country music artist patsy cline .
home ai n't where his heart is is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
the phantom of the opera is a song written by andrew lloyd webber , and performed by american duo sarah brightman and steve harley .
s.o. is a song by american electronic group abc .
 roland the headless thompson gunner is a song by warren zevon and david lindell .
you 'll be in my hear is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter phil collins .
gitarzan is a song by ray stevens and bill everette .
baby bye bye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris which hit no .
tearrops is a 1988 song by american singer womack womack .
lover not a fighter is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter tinie tempah , featuring rapper labrinth , from her debut studio album demonstration ( 2014 ) .
from a buick 6 is a song by american rock and roll artist bob dylan .
kiss them for me is a 1991 song by american alternative dance band siouxsie and the banshees .
without you is a song by american singer monica from her debut studio album new life ( 2012 ) .
stop is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band ryan adams and the cardinals and the group 's american rock band cardinology .
just one more is a song written by george jones , and recorded by jones for his 1956 studio album 14 top country favorites .
she 's playing hard to forge is a song written by keith stegall and elroy kahanek , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
believe me is a song and single written by randy bachman and bob burns and performed by the guess who .
sway of life is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter billie piper .
 castles in the air is a song written by don mclean , and recorded by american singer-songwriter mclean .
little me is a song by little mix from their debut studio album , salute ( 2013 ) .
mama liked the roses is a 1970 r b song first recorded by elvis presley .
the tears in your eyes is a song by american rock group prince and the revolution .
you know me better is a song by american singer-songwriter róisín murphy from her second studio album , overpowered ( 2008 ) .
danceland fairytale is a song by american rock band the killers featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
 heroin is a song by the velvet underground that was first released on march 12 , 1967 .
little honda is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
you 're like comin ' home is a song recorded by american country music artist lonestar .
música de rua ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group daniela mercury .
i ca n't give everything away is a song by american singer david bowie from her debut studio album , ' '' ` uniq '' ( 2015 ) .
he 's a whore is a song by american hard rock band cheap trick that first appeared in 1976 on their 1976 album Cheap trick .
room to move is a 1989 song by animotion from their eighth album animotion ( room to move ) .
pushin forward back is a song by the american hard rock band temple of the dog that first appeared in 1991 on vinyl records ' tamla label .
for your love is a song written by graham gouldman and giorgio gomelsky , and recorded by english rock band the yardbirds .
tower of snakes is a song by the american rock band eighteen visions , released as the lead single from their second album , obsession ( 2004 ) .
the loco-motion is a song written by gerry goffin and carole king , and performed by american teenage singer little eva .
un is a 1969 r b song by the guess who on motown records ' tamla label .
 mon amour pour toi ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from belgium .
heart of stone is a song by andreas kümmert and is the lead track on his debut album , blues rock ( 2015 ) .
i 'll be there is a song recorded by japanese recording artist taeyang for her tenth studio album , solar ( 2010 ) .
 paradise by the dashboard lig is a song by the american rock band meat loaf featured on their 1976 album bat out of hell .
 russian lullaby is a song performed by e-type and written by jonas berggren and recorded by the group for their 1995 album , made in sweden .
if i could just get to you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist duane steele .
 sweet thing is a song by van morrison from her 1968 album astral weeks .
do n't you is a song written by otha young and johnny pierce , and recorded by american country music band the forester sisters .
that par is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q , featuring rapper kanye west , from his debut studio album blank face lp ( 2015 ) .
real love is a 1989 song by american singer-songwriter jody watley .
when i dream is a song written by sandy mason theoret and allen reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
 how cool is tha is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist andy griggs .
 how to fall in love , part 1 is a song recorded by american recording artist bee gees , credited to barry and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in love '' single on april 4 , 1994 .
dance is a song by elton john from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
 butterfly doors is a song by american hip hop artist lil pump from her third studio album harverd dropout ( 2019 ) .
you go to my head is a world war i song composed by haven gillespie and composed by j. fred coots .
lover of the hop is a song and single written by woody harris and recorded by american rock and roll band darin .
still into you is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
when a child is born is a song written by ciro dammicco and dario baldan bembo and performed by american singer johnny mathis .
i belong to you is a song by american musician lenny kravitz .
two weeks is a song by american singer fka twigs from her debut studio album , lp1 ( 2014 ) .
 girl from sweden is a song recorded by american singer eric saade .
 tomorrow night is a world war i song written by sam coslow and will grosz .
glass is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thompson square .
 strange is a song by english singer-songwriter wet wet wet .
every day is a song written by noddy holderjim lealouise lea , and recorded by american country music artist slade .
the ocean at the end is a song by american rock band the tea party from their debut album the oceanat the end ( 2014 ) .
big time is a song by american funk rock singer peter gabriel .
prends ma vie ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by michel mallory and jean renard and performed by american singer johnny hallyday .
 cheatin ' on a cheater is a song written by wilson lee bomarjohnny and tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
there it is is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine .
shapes that go together is a song by american alternative rock band a-ha .
anti is a song by american hip hop recording artist sob x rbe from her third studio album , sob n't forget about you ( 2017 ) .
unanswered is a song by english alternative rock band muse .
lover is like an itching in my hear is a hit song performed by r b and soul band the supremes and written by holland -- dozier and recorded by american r b singer-songwriter Bobby nelson .
mary ann is a song by ray charles and was first released on 2 september 1956 .
do n't make a fool of yourself is a song recorded by american singer stacey q .
 flicker is a song by american singer-songwriter niall horan from her debut studio album , 20 october 2017 .
lck mich im arsch ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american duo insane clown posse and jack white .
 wish on the same star is a song written by diane warren , and recorded by american singer keedy .
tear me is a song by american hip hop band rage against the machine .
do n't you love me is a song written by hank williams , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
laughter in the rain is a song written by neil sedaka and phil cody .
lover me fly is a song by american singer darren styles , released as the third single from her debut studio album , present infextious ( 2003 ) .
give you what you like is a song by american singer-songwriter avril lavigne from her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
mama is a song by english singer-songwriter jonas blue from her debut studio album , blue ( 2017 ) .
 rosalinda ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer thalía .
come on over is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessica simpson .
all my rowdy friends is a song written by hank williams jr , and recorded by american country music artist .
broken glass is a song by american singer rachel platten from her third studio album , waves ( 2017 ) .
tribute to abba is a song by american heavy metal band various artists released on 2 april 2001 .
add some music to your day is a 1970 song composed by brian wilson , joe knott and mike love and performed by american teenage band the beach boys .
morning sun is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robin thicke .
battery check is a song by millencolin from their second album , home from home ( 2002 ) .
breath of life is a song by english electronic group erasure .
 chloroform is a song by american alternative rock band phoenix .
ca me duele perderte ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by american singer gloria estefan .
connected is a song by japanese singer and songwriter ayumi hamasaki from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
home sweet home is a song by australian glam rock band mötley crüe .
baby make it soon is a song and single written by tony macaulay and recorded by american rock band the marmalade .
sink on is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter måns zelmerlöw .
for all the tea in china is a song written by sharon o'neill and produced by peter mcian .
trouble is my destination is a hit song performed by british r b singer edwin starr and written by starr with johnny bristolharvey fuqua .
all for leyna ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by billy joel , and recorded by american singer-songwriter billi joel .
dear love is a song by american rock band young love .
do n't you know is a song recorded by american dance-pop band pandora .
 yo , yo and yo is a song by american singer dani stevenson from her second studio album , xxxandis there another ?! ( 2002 ) .
 jeannie moviestar ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band systems in blue , featuring british singer-songwriter mark ashley .
i need is a song by american singer-songwriter bethany dillon from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
all the time is a song by the strokes from their debut album comedown machine ( 2013 ) .
keep givin ' me your love is a song recorded by australian singer cece peniston .
only the horses is a song by american glam rock band scissor sisters and is the lead track on their debut album , magic hour ( 2011 ) .
without her is a song written by harry nilsson and recorded by nilsson for his 1967 album pandemonium shadow show .
do i get close is a 1989 song by the kinks on motown records ' tamla label .
life is a 1998 r b song by des ` ree , included in the album supernatural .
carina ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by corrado lojacono and alberto testa .
i want you to know is a song written by fats domino and dave bartholomew .
you 're easy on the eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
 american life is a song by english singer madonna .
just when i needed you mos is a song written by randy vanwarmer and tony wilson , and recorded by american country music artist randy vonwarmer .
 heads you win -- tails i lose is a song written by brian wilsongary usher and nik venet , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
waitin ' on a sunny day is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
the show must go on is a song by american singer-songwriter leo sayer .
church of noise is a song by the american rock band therapy ? .
you need me is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
coming out of the dark is a 1991 song by argentine singer gloria estefan from her debut studio album into the light .
long way down is a song by american rock band kiss .
moondance is a 1970 song by van morrison , included in the album moondance .
thank you is a song by american recording artist beastie boys featured on their 1992 album check your head .
sind wahr ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer nena .
girlfriend is a song by american hip hop recording artist big bang .
 nowhere to run is a hit song performed by american r b band martha and the vandellas and written by holland with brian hollands and performed by the vanderellas .
trouble is a song by the american rock band pink , released as the second single from her debut studio album , try this ( 2003 ) .
dearhouse is a song by american singer-songwriter priscilla renea from her debut studio album , jukebox ( 2009 ) .
break can wai is a song by american singer-songwriter prince from his debut studio album , art official age ( 2013 ) .
what i meant to say is a song written by don cook , sam hogin and jim mcbride , and recorded by american country music artist wade hayes .
wildflower is a song recorded by japanese recording artist superfly for her tenth studio album , mind travel ( 2010 ) .
the king is dead is a song written by tony cole and produced by david mckay .
sum is over is a song written by tom springfield and clive westlake , and recorded by american country music artist dusty springfield .
pop star is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ken hirai for her tenth studio album , ken 10th anniversary ( 2005 ) .
dear garden song is a song written by david mallett and produced by american musician David mallett .
jesus in disguise is a song by american singer-songwriter brandon heath from his debut studio album , blue mountain ( 2012 ) .
lover 's take an old-fashioned walk is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ken lee .
i 'm doin ' me is a song by american recording artist fantasia .
chanel is a song by american rapper frank ocean , released as the third single from his third studio album , march 10 , 2017 .
thank have mercy is a song written by paul kennerley and brent maher , and recorded by american country music group the judds .
my hand is a dance-pop song by american singer jess glynne from her debut studio album i cry when i laugh ( 2015 ) .
you are so beautifu is a song performed by american r b singer joe cocker .
this momen ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper pitbull from his debut studio album , global warming ( 2013 ) .
baby goodbye is a song by american rock band friday hill from their second studio album , times like these ( 2005 ) .
 elegies for angels , punks and raging queens is a song performed by american singer-songwriter janet hood .
sway tight is a song recorded by american singer madonna for her eighth studio album , rebel heart ( 2015 ) .
whatever i go is a song by onerepublic from their eighth studio album , oh my my ( 2015 ) .
sugar is a 1989 song by american alternative rock band my bloody valentine .
sway is a song recorded by american r b singer brown , credited to brown , and released as the b-side to her debut studio album bobby ( 1993 ) .
blazin ' is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday ( 2010 ) .
lucky guy is a 1970 song by john lennon , included in the album imagine .
britille day is a song by american rock band rush .
always late with your kisses is a song written by lefty frizzell and blackie crawford .
lucky woman love is a song by australian glam rock band wings .
no podrás ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by alejandro zepeda and peter skrabak and performed by american latin pop singer cristian castro .
big four poster bed is a song written by shel silverstein , and recorded by american country music artist brenda lee .
second chance is a song by american rock band shinedown .
i thought about killing you is a song by american rapper kanye west from his third studio album , ye ( 2018 ) .
my heart would know is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
strawberry swing is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their third studio album viva la vida or death .
i 'm yours is a song by american singer-songwriter jason mraz .
 golden boy is a song by sin with sebastian that was first released on october 1995 .
s whispers in the dark is a song by american rock band skillet .
bela lugosi 's dead is a song by english gothic rock band bauhaus .
step into christmas is a song written by elton johnbernie taupin and mca .
jenny says is a song by american alternative rock band cowboy mouth .
rats is a 1970 song by the kinks featured on their album lola versus powerman .
 runaway is a song by english progressive house band galantis from their debut album , pharmacy ( 2014 ) .
jump someone else 's train is a song by the cure that was first released on 20 november 1979 .
i always liked that bes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cyndi thomson .
ca n't feel my face is a song recorded by american hip hop band the weeknd .
wrecking ball is a song by american singer miley cyrus from her debut studio album , bangerz ( 2013 ) .
take you back is a song by american christian rock group jeremy camp .
hunt the hun is a world war i song written by howard e. rogers and performed by american teenage singer arthur fields .
hey , that 's no way to say goodbye is a song by british singer-songwriter leonard cohen .
the low spark of high heeled boys is a song by the british rock band traffic .
do n't wan na go to bed now is a song by american singer gabriella cilmi from her debut studio album , lessons to be learned ( 2008 ) .
bl blah blah is a song by american singer kesha from her debut studio album , animal ( 2010 ) .
 roll on is a song by american rock band mis-teeq .
there 's a garden of crosses in no man 's land is a world war i song in the style of a march .
mass appeal is a song by american hip hop recording artist gang starr .
the rest of my life is a song by australian singer-songwriter prince .
i n't no cure for love is a song written by leonard cohen , and recorded by american pop singer-songwriter i 'm your man .
the lig is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez for her debut studio album , home ( 2015 ) .
all apologies is a song by american hard rock band nirvana , released as the second single from the band 's third studio album in utero .
nothing 's gon na stop me now is a song by american singer samantha fox .
pink triangle is a song by american alternative rock band weezer .
she 's single again is a song written by peter mccann and charlie craig , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
s roseability is a 2000 song by idlewild from their second album , 100 broken windows .
that girl is a song by american rapper pharrell williams from his self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
could n't do nothin ' rig is a song written by karen brooks and gary p. nunn , and recorded by american country music artist rosanne cash .
 yo-yo is a song by american singer joey moe .
in the air tonig is a song by english experimental rock singer-songwriter phil collins written by collins with hugh padgham and produced by phil .
lover 's concerto is a song written by sandy linzer , denny randell and christian petzold and performed by american rock band the toys .
 funky nassau is a 1970 r b song by the beginning of the end .
licht und blindhei ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by joy division that was first released on 18 march 1980 .
t tiimmy turner is a song by american rapper desiigner from her debut album , gooddef jam ( 2015 ) .
song for a summer nig is a song written by robert allen and his orchestra and chorus .
 rock me amadeus is a song by australian eurovision songwriter falco .
the wall is a song by seether from their third studio album , poison the parish ( 2018 ) .
good day is a song by english rock band the kinks featured on their debut album , word of mouth ( 1984 ) .
sink you down is a song by american hip hop recording artist nina sky , featuring rapper prodigy , from her second studio album , 1st infantry ( 2004 ) .
tender kisses is a 1991 r bsoulpop song by american singer tracie spencer .
i come from another planet , baby is a song by english singer-songwriter julian cope .
s glycerine is a song by american rock band bush .
 crushed by the wheels of industry is a song by the british new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released in 1983 as the lead single from their seventh studio album the luxury gap .
mind control is a song by american alternative rock band tantric .
dance in the neon lig is a song written by tim norellpeo thyrénola håkansson and vad jag längtar and recorded by american singer lena philipsson .
imma be is a song by american hip hop band the black eyed peas featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
in the back of my mind is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
lover you for a long time is a song recorded by american country music band high valley .
s someone else is a song by american singer miley cyrus from her debut studio album bangerz ( 2013 ) .
 perfume is a song by english singer britney spears from her debut studio album british jean ( 2013 ) .
something to talk about is a song by american singer bonnie raitt from her 1991 album luck of the draw .
dearance is a song by american europop band sugababes from their seventh studio album , change ( 2008 ) .
happier is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her third studio album ÷ ( 2018 ) .
do u wan na roll is a song by american hip hop recording artist r.l. , released as the lead single from his debut ep , dr. dolittle 2 ( 2001 ) .
still losing you is a song written by mike reid and rob galbraith , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
i get weak is a song recorded by american singer belinda carlisle .
seven years of letters is a song by the twilight sad , released as the second single from their third studio album forget the night ahead .
 alison is a song written by elvis costello and composed by costello with nick lowe .
drinkin ' thing is a song written by wayne carson , and recorded by american country music artist gary stewart .
be beetlebu is a song by blur from their 1996 album blur .
music box is a song by american horror film eminem .
any is a song recorded by american singer rita ora for her eighth studio album , phoenix ( 2017 ) .
pure grinding is a song by american recording artist avicii .
dance 2nig is a dance-pop song by english singer madonna from her second studio album , madonna ( 2008 ) .
ca n't help falling in love is a 1961 r b song first recorded by elvis presley .
 revol is a song by american hard rock band manic street preachers that first appeared in 1994 on 1 august 1994 on the holy bible .
when mercy found me is a song recorded by american country music artist rhett walker band .
piece by piece is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her debut studio album , piece by piece ( 2015 ) .
dance with the moonlit knig is a song by the american progressive rock band genesis .
 ivory tower is a song by van morrison that was first released on 3 september 1986 .
min earth major sky is a song by australian new wave band a-ha .
 sweet and tender hooligan is a song by american rock band the smiths that first appeared in 1985 on the soundtrack to their debut album , 23 may 1995 .
sway pilot is a song by american rock group eric burdon the animals featured on their 1968 album the twain shall meet .
wave is a song by american singer-songwriter mr probz .
what about the love is a 1988 song by australian singer-songwriter amy grant .
the story of my life is a song by millencolin that was first released on september 20 , 1995 .
hope you love me like you say you do is a song written by mike duke and carson California , and recorded by american country music artist huey lewis and the news .
happy song is a song composed by abacap , ottavio bacciocchi and ivana spagna and performed by italo disco .
lucky girls is a song by american rock band van halen .
we are number one is a song written by máni svavarsson and stefán karl stefansson and performed by argentine duo mázi and steeán .
songs of andrew lloyd webber is a song written by andrew ` mp '' webber , and recorded by american singer shirley bassey .
every day i have the blues is a song written by aaron `` pinetop '' sparks and performed by american r b singer pine top .
man of me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
t till i ca n't take it anymore is a song written by clyde otis and ulysses burton , and recorded by american country music artist billy joe royal .
sway into the sun is a song by british record producer dirty vegas from his second studio album , one ( 2004 ) .
time is ticking ou is a song by american american rock band the cranberries featured on their second album , wake up and smell the coffee ( 2002 ) .
lover your body is a song by american singer amanda lear , written by peter lüdemann and alf schwegeler and recorded by lear .
only is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album , the pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
kill em with kindness is a song by american singer selena gomez from her debut studio album , revival ( 2015 ) .
häng me ' på party is a song written by ulf neidemar and recorded by neidemars which hit no .
take me now is a song by american musician david gates .
boy who cried wolf is a song written by paul weller , and recorded by the style council .
l lucille is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers which hit no .
a modern way of letting go is a song by idlewild from their second album , the remote part ( 2002 ) .
land of a million drums is a song by american hip hop recording artist outkast from her second studio album , scooby-doo ( 2002 ) .
wreck to wreck is a song by english alternative rock band florence and the machine .
gold lady is a song by stevie wonder and is the lead track on wonder 's debut album , innervisions ( 1973 ) .
l 's play house is a song by american recording artist tha dogg pound , released on december 15 , 1995 as the lead single from his sixth studio album dogg food .
perfect world is a song by english singer-songwriter marcella detroit from her debut studio album jewel ( 1995 ) .
 promise me , love is a song written by kay thompson and andy williams .
pink toupee is a 1989 song by american rock band they might be giants .
you stepped out of a drea is a world war i song written by nacio herb brown and gus kahn .
you were made for me is a hit song performed by sam cooke and written by cooke with bumps blackwell .
hame of cards is a song written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
mother is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 30 november 1979 .
 johnny rider is a song written by michel mallory , sam bernett and jean-marc deutère and performed by american teenage singer johnny hallyday .
wrap your love all around your man is a song written by john cunningham , and recorded by american country music artist lynn anderson .
japan ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist famous dex .
lazy lasagna ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1988 song by `` weird al '' yankovic .
man on the corner is a song by the american rock band genesis .
 eduardo e mônica ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group legião urbana .
do what u wan is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , artpop ( 2013 ) .
in the heat of the momen is a song by american alternative rock singer noel gallagher from his debut studio album , chasing yesterday ( 2014 ) .
we 'll be fine is a song by american rapper drake , featuring rapper birdman , from his debut album , take care ( 2011 ) .
staying is a 1961 r b song by maurice williams and the zodiacs and performed by american doo-wop band maurce williami and the group .
i got you is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , echo ( 2009 ) .
 apna bombay talkies is a song produced by amit trivedi and written by swanand kirkire , and recorded by american filmi .
you trip me up is a song by the jesus and mary chain and is the lead track on their debut album psychocandy ( 1985 ) .
i got stripes is a song written by charlie williams and johnny cash .
from afar is a song by american indie rock band vance joy from her debut studio album god loves you when you 're dancing .
i 'm going down is a song by american singer rose royce .
insaaf ki dagar pe ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1961 song composed by shakeel badayuni and performed by hemant kumar .
dear john is a song written by don `` sugarcane '' harris and dewey terry , and recorded by american r b duo don and ken devey .
dear kind of fellow is a song by american r b singer marvin gaye .
stuck is a song by van morrison from his debut studio album , magic time ( 2005 ) .
 rainy day people is a song by gordon lightfoot and is the lead track on his debut solo album , cold on the shoulder ( 1975 ) .
you miss me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sam hunt for her third studio album , montevallo ( 2015 ) .
son song is a song by american nu metal band soulfly , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter sean lennon .
 god , country and my baby is a 1961 song written by john dolan and snuff garrett , and recorded by american country music artist johnny burnette .
s spiders is a song by english electronic group hotel .
whe wheels ai n't coming down is a song written by noddy holder and jim lea , and recorded by american rock group slade .
cover you in kisses is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .
desde que no estás ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter fonseca released on august 22 , 2011 , as the first single off her eighth studio album ilusión .
do you talk to boys is a song written by steve kipner and t seufert , and recorded by american teenage singer sharon o'neill .
a little more work is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kira isabella .
life is a rollercoaster is a song by american singer ronan keating .
bring on the night is a song by english reggae rock band sting and is the lead track on their debut album reggatta de blanc .
rubband banks is a song by american hip hop recording artist young dro .
every breaking wave is a song by irish rock band u2 .
heart hotels is a song by american singer-songwriter dan fogelberg from his 1980 album phoenix .
 heaven ca n't be found is a song written by hank williams , jr. and barry beckett and recorded by american country music artist hank .
sinkin ' a good hand is a song written by rob crosby and johnny few , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
never 's men is a song by american rock band madness .
tonite is a song by american hip hop recording artist dj quik .
s lawyers , guns and money is a song written and performed by warren zevon .
crosseyed and painless is a song by american recording artist talking heads and is the lead track on their 1980 album remain in light .
dà vu ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by roger waters from his eighth studio album is this the life we really want ? .
i 'll be lovin ' u long time is a song by american singer mariah carey from her debut studio album , e = mc ² ( 2007 ) .
the pop singer 's fear of the pollen coun is a 1999 song by the divine comedy .
broken is a song by american lifehouse that was first released on july 8 , 2008 .
 el mañana ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english hip hop band gorillaz from their second album , demon days ( 2006 ) .
the rain in spain is a song written by alan jay lerner and performed by spainian musical theatre .
fuck them a is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her second studio album avant que l'ombre ( 2005 ) .
be beast of burden is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1978 album some girls .
best thing about me is you is a song recorded by american latin pop singer ricky martin , featuring guest vocals from joss stone and natalia jiménez , from his debut studio album música ( 2010 ) .
it 's all about you is a song recorded by american singer juliana pasha for her tenth studio album , contest 2010 ) .
back to god is a song by american singer reba mcentire from her debut studio album , sing it now ( 2017 ) .
close is a song by sub focus from their debut album , torus ( 2014 ) .
now i can dance is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter tina arena , released as the third single from her tenth studio album , in deep ( 1998 ) .
thank you is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , thank you ( 2015 ) .
blue bandana is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jerrod niemann .
doe is a song by american hip hop recording artist british recording artist priscilla .
 forever love is a song recorded by american r b singer color me badd , credited to badd and released as the b-side to the group 's `` roll the dice '' single on november 24 , 1992 .
dixie on my mind is a song written by hank williams jr .
dear than the nig is a song written by tom snow and johnny vastano , and recorded by american singer olivia newton-john .
lover has come is a gospel song by american singer mark schultz from his debut studio album , come alive ( 2010 ) .
no scrubs is a song by american recording artist tlc .
easy as pie is a song written by rory bourke , gene dobbins and johnny wilson , and recorded by american country music artist billy `` crash '' craddock .
fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band autumn hill .
 wonderboy is a song by the kinks featured on their 1968 album `` polly '' .
shooting star is a song by american electronic group owl city , released as the third single from their sixth studio album , the midsummer station ( 2011 ) .
smoky mountain rain is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
it up is a song and single written by robert blackwell and john marascalco and performed by american country music artist little richard .
 saxofuckingfon is a song written by anton hård af segerstadkevin magnus alexander hoegdahlvictor thell and recorded by samir viktor .
everything is a song by anna vissi , and the main theme song from the greek film nylon euro edition .
i still love you is a song by american recording artist lil suzy .
trouble is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter natalia kills from her debut studio album , trouble ( 2013 ) .
if i die young is a song recorded by american country music group the band perry .
s aeroplane is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers featured on their 1996 album one hot minute .
or is a song by american comedian david odoherty .
do you want it right now is a song written by china burton and nick straker , and recorded by american singer siedah garrett .
s hit me with your rhythm stick is a song by english rock and roll band ian dury and the blockheads featured on their debut album , 1978 .
plug in baby is a song by the american alternative rock band muse .
 animals is a song by american rock band nickelback from their second studio album , all the right reasons ( 2005 ) .
 me back again is a song by american rock and roll band wings .
ride with me is a song by steppenwolf that was first released on 3 september 1971 .
sway is a song by american rapper lil jon .
it 's okay is a song by american recording artist the game , featuring rapper junior reid , from his debut album doctor 's advocate ( 2006 ) .
l robeson sing is a song by american alternative rock band manic street preachers released on 10 september 2001 .
when you kiss me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
put your hands where my eyes could see is a song by american hip hop recording artist busta rhymes .
 funk it up is a song recorded by japanese recording artist toshi kubota for her 1995 studio album , sunshine , moonlight .
last song is a song by gackt from his self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
 american child is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist phil vassar .
fëmija i parë ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by vaçe zela , and the main theme song from the greek film `` the past '' .
i wan na hold you is a song by american alternative rock band mcfly .
quicksand is a song by david bowie and is the lead track on his debut album hunky dory ( 1970 ) .
i 'm so excited is a song by american glam rock band the pointer sisters and is the lead track on their debut album , so excited ( 1984 ) .
hello , hello , i 'm back again is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike nelson .
dear of my hear is a song by english rock band westlife .
she 's so cold is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1980 album , emotional rescue .
bang a dru ( `` bang a dru '' ) is a song by american rock group jon bon jovi .
fant voyage is a song by american recording artist coolio .
that funky music is a song by american funk band wild cherry featured on their 1976 album , wild cherry .
ing ho is a song by no doubt from their debut album , push and shove ( 2012 ) .
if you need me is a song by american indie rock band vance joy .
 busted is a song written by harlan howard and performed by howard .
do n't you cry for me is a song by george harrison from his 1976 album thirty three 1/3 .
the archetype is a song by american industrial metal band fear factory that first appeared in 2004 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album archetype .
 jerusalem ( my past ) is a song by belouis some and is the lead track on his 1986 album some people .
 english civil war is a song by the american rock band the clash .
green a is a song by american singer yui from her debut studio album how crazy your love ( 2011 ) .
time , love and tenderness is a song written by diane warren and michael bolton , and recorded by bolton for his 1991 album time , love tenderness .
in a new york minute is a song written by tom shapiro , michael garvin and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
all the small things is a song by american rock band blink-182 .
what we really wan is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rosanne cash which hit no .
 nur mit dir ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer helene fischer from her third studio album , helene n't forget about you ( 2017 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american rock band the offspring that was first released on february 2 , 1995 .
my sister is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba .
ca n't get used to losing you is a song written by jerome `` doc '' pomus and mort shuman , and performed by american singer and songwriter andy williams .
kuiama ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the electric light orchestra featured on their debut album elo 2 in 1973 .
night of passion is a song by the poodles from their sixth album , metal will stand tall ( 2006 ) .
trouble of the world is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects .
 me wan na die is a song by the pretty reckless from their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
best worksong is a song by american rock group r.e.m .
handclap is a song by english indie rock band fitz and the tantrums .
 jingle bell rock is a christmas song written by joe beal and jim boothe , and recorded by american country music artist helms .
do n't get dressed up for nothing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
 uptown girl is a song performed by american r b singer billy joel .
zubi zubi ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by indeevar and produced by sukriti kakar .
when you wish upon a star is a world war i song written by leigh harline and ned washington , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter cliff edwards .
every girl is a song recorded by preluders and released as the third single from their third studio album girls in the house .
breezin ' along with the breeze is a world war i song written by haven gillespie , seymour simons and richard whiting and performed by the breeze .
 wired for sound is a song written by alan tarney and british singer-songwriter cliff richard .
you 're never fully dressed without a smile is a song recorded by american singer sia furler , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album annie ( 2014 ) .
losing you is a song written by jean renard and carl sigman , and recorded by american teenage singer brenda lee .
true to his word is a song written by jeffrey steele , chris farren and gary harrison , and recorded by american country music artist boy howdy .
no one needs to know is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
back down is a song by american hip hop band hollywood undead from their debut album american tragedy ( 2011 ) .
video phone is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2009 ) .
sway is a song by american rock band jars of clay from their sixth studio album good monsters ( 2006 ) .
do it we is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , brave ( 2007 ) .
taste it is a song by british singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album , jakes bugg ( 2011 ) .
2 hearts 1 love is a song recorded by the american rock band 911 .
hard to be coo is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe nichols .
 pray is a song performed by american eurodance artist lasgo .
s let 's get blown is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg from his second studio album , r g ( 2004 ) .
my like you is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
lazy lies is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1978 album some girls .
lin ' for you is a song by american garage rock band the black keys featured on their debut album brothers ( 2011 ) .
catch the wind is a song written by donovan and geoff stephens , and recorded by american singer-songwriter donovan .
thoughtless is a song by american rock band korn .
firestarter is a song recorded by american singer samantha jade .
the station is a song by australian electronic group oneohtrix point never .
dream on is a song by english electronic group depeche mode .
dear street is a world war i song composed by harry warren and dick powell ensemble and performed by american musical artist keeler .
new perspective is a song by american rock band panic ! from their debut studio album , jennifer 's body ( 2009 ) .
i 'd like to is a song by english singer-songwriter corinne bailey rae from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
over is a song by american hip hop artist drake .
yikes is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his third studio album ye ( 2018 ) .
notgonnachange ( `` andy connellcorinne drewery '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist swing out sister and released as the second single from her 1992 album , get in touch with yourself .
in another lifetime is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
come over is a song by faith evans from her 1996 album faith .
to the ends of the earth is a song written by joe sherman and noel sherman , and performed by american country music artist nat king cole .
 nata per me ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1961 song composed by mogolmichele del prete and performed by italian singer adriano celentano .
lover out loud is a song written by thom schuyler , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .
light me up is a song by american indie rock band birdy .
bonedriven is a song by american alternative rock band bush .
wait for magic is a song recorded by australian recording artist ace of base .
crazy is a song by american singer k-ci jojo .
scotty does n't know is a song by american glam rock band lustra .
saints and sinners is a song by american alternative rock band godsmack .
 ramblin ' man is a song written by dickey betts and the allman brothers band and recorded by american country music group brothers and sisters .
be good johnny is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band men at work .
nothing has been proved is a 1989 song by australian glam rock band dusty springfield .
far away is a song by kindred the family soul from their second album , surrender to love ( 2002 ) .
diamonds is a song by american singer federica falzon from her debut studio album , 17 october 2014 .
shady lady is a song by australian singer and songwriter ani lorak from her second studio album , солнце ( 2008 ) .
como eu quero ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by leoni and paula toller , and performed by american teenage singer kid abelha .
do n't forbid me is a song written by charles singleton , and performed by american teenage singer pat boone .
something in your eyes is a song written by richard carpenter and featured on his 1987 album time .
coldest winter is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his third studio album 808s heartbreak .
we 're not making love no more is a song by american r b singer dru hill .
i 've found someone of my own is a song written by frank f. robinson and joe porter , and recorded by american r b group the free movement .
 like wow -- wipeou ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by australian glam rock band hoodoo gurus featured on their 1985 album mars needs guitars .
she 's a genius is a song by american hard rock band jet .
 teenage life is a song by john matthews and daz sampson , and performed by british singer-songwriter daz .
not for a moment is a song by meredith andrewsmia fieldesjacob sooter , and the main theme song from the american film worth it all .
puberty blues is a song by american singer-songwriter jenny morris .
always is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot from their debut album hello hurricane ( 2010 ) .
i 'm movin ' on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts .
swaying grass is a song by fred fisher and doris fisher .
s silly ho is a song by american electronic group tlc .
dear days of wild is a song by american funk singer-songwriter prince .
glamour boy is a song by the guess who that was first released on may 1973 .
lover is a is a dance-pop song by australian band infernal from their tenth studio album , fall from grace ( 2010 ) .
anything is a song by english singer hedley from her debut studio album , wild life ( 2013 ) .
a teenager in love is a 1959 r b song by dion and the belmonts on motown records ' tamla label .
you can dream of me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner which hit november 16 , 1985 .
trap is a song recorded by american recording artist shakira for her eighth studio album el dorado ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from american rapper maluma .
 god only cries is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist diamond rio .
in ' about you is a song by american singer mario .
you can go home is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
mujeres ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by american singer fanny lu .
 heaven in my hands is a 1988 r b song by the american jazz band level 42 .
bedroom story is a song written by lars muhl and recorded by the american new wave band warm guns .
songs of souvenirs is a 1959 song by barbara evans , first recorded as a b-side by rca victor .
p pictures in the dark is a song by english rock and roll artist mike oldfield .
my love is better is a song by american singer annie .
riot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz from his debut ep , t.v .
 salute your solution is a song by american garage rock band the raconteurs featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
de mí enamórate ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer daniela romo .
i wan na get lost with you is a song by american alternative rock band stereophonics released on 21 july 2015 .
taper jean gir is a song by american rock band kings of leon .
i wish you 'd stay is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
it ai n't nothin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley which hit no .
i meant every word he said is a song written by joe chambers , bucky jones and curly putman , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .
i 'm not afraid to move on is a song performed in english by jostein hasselgård and vj strøm .
life in the fast lane is a song recorded by american rock band the eagles , credited to joe walsh , glenn frey and don henley and released as the b-side to the group 's `` the last resort '' single on may 3 , 1977 .
i forgot to remember to forge is a song written by charlie feathers and stan kesler , and recorded by elvis presley .
thank the child is a world war i song by british singer billie holiday .
brian wilson is a song by british glam rock band barenaked ladies and is the lead track on their 1992 album gordon .
 me smile is a song by steve harley and cockney rebel and is the lead track on their debut album the best years of our lives .
 rockin ' chair money is a song written by lonnie glosson and bill carlisle , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
this time is a song by australian hip hop artist axwell λ ingrosso from his debut studio album more than you know ( 2015 ) .
tricional a lo bravo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist tego calderón released on august 7 , 2007 , as the first single off his eighth studio album el abayarde contraataca .
 miracles is a song by english drum and bass band coldplay and big sean .
come as you were is a song written by paul craft , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
when you were my gir is a song recorded by american singer matt cardle , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album porcelain ( 2013 ) .
give me wings is a song written by kye flemingdon schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .
the man that turned my mama on is a song written by ed bruce , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
shut your mouth is a song by american electronic group garbage .
touch is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter natasha bedingfield from her debut studio album , strip me ( 2010 ) .
what happens tomorrow is a song by english singer duran duran from her second studio album , astronaut ( 2005 ) .
4 minutes is a dance-pop song by english singer madonna from her second studio album , hard candy ( 2008 ) .
dear life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band high valley .
dear triumphant is a song by american singer mariah carey , featuring rapper rick ross and meek mill , from her debut studio album , august 3 , 2012 .
 butterfly effect is a song by american rapper travis scott from his third studio album , astroworld ( 2017 ) .
sometimes is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure featured on their 1986 album the circus .
been a son is a song by american glam rock band nirvana .
lazy to me is a 1999 song by english singer gary barlow .
dans ma fusée ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by american eurodance artist ilona .
on fire is a song by british electronic group loïc nottet released on 30 november 2018 .
why tell me why is a song by american singer and songwriter anita meyer .
duity is a song by american rock band slipknot that was first released on may 4 , 2004 .
strong than me is a song by american singer amy winehouse from her second studio album , frank ( 2003 ) .
come see me and come lonely is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist dottie west .
bojangles is a song by american rapper pitbull from his sixth studio album el mariel ( 2006 ) .
i 'm so lonesome i could cry is a song written by hank williams , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
 roll with me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist montgomery gentry .
swlabr is a song by english glam rock band cream , released as the second single from their 1968 album disraeli gears .
 45 is a song by american rock band shinedown that first appeared in 2003 on july 29 , 2003 .
smoke is a song written by michael hobbyross copperman andjon nite 1 , and recorded by american country music band a thousand horses .
 no limit is a song recorded by american eurodance band 2 unlimited , credited to phil wildejean-paul de coster , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` 12 '' single on 1993 .
songs by american hip hop recording artist 702 .
 roller coaster is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan for his debut studio album , crash my party ( 2014 ) .
broken bones is a song recorded by the american eurodance band love inc .
pete davidson is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande for her third studio album , sweetener ( 2018 ) .
unanswered is a song by american singer jennifer paige from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
beat on my dru ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american latin pop duo gabry ponte and sophia del carmen and featuring rapper pitbull from his debut studio album , pitbull ( 2011 ) .
 sweet surrender is a song by john denver , and the main theme song from his debut studio album back home again ( 1974 ) .
so good is a dance-pop song by american singer melanie b .
good hearted woman is a song written by waylon jennings and willie nelson , and recorded by american country music artist waylon .
when it all goes south is a song recorded by american country music group alabama .
do n't wan na know is a song by american recording artist maroon 5 from his debut studio album , red pill blues ( 2015 ) .
old money is a song recorded by american singer lana del rey for her debut studio album ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .
one night love affair is a song by bryan adams from his debut solo album , reckless ( 1985 ) .
what 's wrong with that girl is a song by american singer rick price .
take it like a man is a song by american electronic group dragonette , released as the third single from the band 's third studio album , galore ( 2007 ) .
 miracle drug is a song by irish rock band u2 .
there life out there is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
 river of love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
in innocent is a song by american alternative rock band our lady peace from their second album , gravity ( 2002 ) .
vision of paradise is a song by the moody blues band visions of paradise and is the lead track on their 1968 album in search of the lost chord .
komodo ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by mauro picotto from his 2000 album , `` remix '' .
losing sleep is a song by john newman from his debut studio album , tribute ( 2013 ) .
i 'm a mess is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her debut studio album , × ( 2014 ) .
mind and hear is a song by argentine indie rock singer lu andrade .
 headlines is a song by english europop band alcazar .
unbreakable is a song by american singer stefanie heinzmann from her debut studio album roots to grow ( 2009 ) .
all i go is a song by american rapper newton faulkner from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
 hello is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her debut studio album , stronger ( 2011 ) .
cirrus minor is a 1969 song by the american glam rock band pink floyd .
lăutar ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song composed by pavel parfeni and alex brașoveanu and performed by moldova .
perfect is a song by american glam rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
the contrarian is a song by american rock band a perfect circle .
 ballad of a thin man is a song written by bob dylan and composed by dylan with bob johnston .
 mercury blues is a 1949 r b song by k. c. douglas trio and robert geddins .
some hearts are diamonds is a song by american singer chris norman .
hide u is a song by american drum and bass band kosheen .
livingin ' up country is a song by american country music artist jake bugg .
if i never see midnight again is a song recorded by american country music group sweethearts of the rodeo .
no more lonely nights is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
seven turns is a song written by dickey betts , and recorded by american country music group the allman brothers band .
she used to be mine is a song by american singer sara bareilles from her debut studio album , what 's inside songs ( 2015 ) .
rhiannon is a song written by stevie nicks and carson mac , and recorded by american country music artist fleetwood mac .
dango jane is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janelle monáe for her third studio album , dirty computer ( 2018 ) .
just a dream is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
what you need is a song by american new wave and dance-pop band inxs .
 rock this party is a song by english recording artist bob sinclar cutee b from her second studio album , western dream ( 2006 ) .
superman is a song by american hip hop artist eminem , featuring vocals from american singer dina rae , from her second studio album , the eminem show ( 2002 ) .
un unforgivable sinner is a song by american singer lene marlin from her 1998 album , playing my game .
pink wizard is a 1969 song by the american rock band the who .
 under control is a song by the american rock band parachute .
the house that built me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .
do it for the money is a song by australian indie rock band foster the people .
lover in a peaceful world is a song by american rock band level 42 .
ziggy stardust is a song by english glam rock singer-songwriter david bowie and is the lead track on his debut album , the rise and fall of american glam rock ( 1972 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american funk band kc and the sunshine band .
the queen is a song by velvet and henrik janson from their tenth studio album , the queen ( 2008 ) .
songs and specks is a song written by barry gibb and produced by nat kipner .
i miss you is a song recorded by american r b band n ii u .
three times in love is a song written by tommy james and ron serota , and recorded by american teenage singer tommy .
 rooster is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
you again is a song written by paul overstreet and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music band the forester sisters .
 neverending love is a song written by per gessle and carson stockholm , and recorded by american singer roxette .
it 's the end of the world as we is a song by american rock band r.e.m .
rebel girl is a song by the american rock band bikini kill .
he got you is a song written by ralph murphybobby wood , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
beaut in my eyes is a song by american singer-songwriter joshua kadison .
angel of mine is a song by american r b band eternal .
pretty baby is a song by american singer vanessa carlton from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2002 in music ) .
 goodbye on a bad day is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shannon lawson .
carlene is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist phil vassar .
thank god and greyhound is a 1970 song co-written and recorded by american country music artist roy clark .
windy is a song written by ruthann friedman and bones howe , and recorded by the american rock band the association .
more & more is a song by american r b singer joe .
talkingin ' abou is a song by american singer amerie from her second studio album , touch ( 2005 ) .
watch over me is a song by american singer-songwriter bernard fanning from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
if u were my man is a song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album , green eyed soul ( 2002 ) .
 dream brother is a song by various artists and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
tribute to the lady is a 1959 r b song by sam cooke .
 sweet baby is a 1981 r bsoul jazz song by stanley clarke and george duke .
1979 is a song by american rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 1996 in music ) .
she 's ) sexy + 17 is a song written by brian setzer and emi america , and recorded by american rockabilly band stray cats .
l softly to fallen is a song by american hip hop band palm springs from their second studio album no hurt like a broken heart ( 2006 ) .
 stranger than fiction is a song written by joe jackson , and recorded by american country music artist joejackson .
black and white is a song by american singer regina spektor from her debut studio album , september 30 , 2016 .
wildflower is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody which hit no .
spellbound is a song by american glam rock band siouxsie and the banshees featured on their 1981 album juju .
do n't know she 's beautifu is a song written by paul harrisonbob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
11 is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cassadee pope .
off you is a song by american alternative rock band the breeders from their second album , title tk ( 2002 ) .
dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter marika gombitová .
jah live is a song by bob marley the wailers and lee perry .
s statements is a song by loreen from their debut album , 26 february 2017 .
we believe in happy endings is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist johnny rodriguez .
k is king of pain is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album synchronicity in 1983 .
every beat of my heart is a r b song by johnny otis and james brown .
when i grow up is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys today .
better than today is a dance-pop song by english singer kylie minogue from her debut studio album , aphrodite ( 2010 ) .
i got a woman is a song by r b singer ray charles and written by charles with renald richard and performed by her r b band `` come back baby '' .
i do n't want to be a soldier is a song by john lennon from his 1971 album imagine .
i 've had you is a song recorded by american singer jenny morris and written by morris with paul kelly .
i 'm not the one is a song recorded by english new wave 1 band the cars .
ch chalk dust torture is a song by american glam rock band phish .
anchatown is a song written by roy wood and jeff lynne , and recorded by english country music band the move .
 feliz ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer kany garcía .
this be the day is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
i do n't wan na care right now is a song by american hip hop recording artist lupe fiasco , featuring rapper mdma .
moving on is a song by american singer sarah dawn finer from her debut studio album , moving on ( 2009 ) .
i wonder if they ever think of me is a song written by merle haggard and the strangers .
i am woman is a song by english singer helen reddy and is the lead track on her debut album i am woman ( 1972 ) .
sink me an angel is a song by real life .
you & i is a song by american indie rock band one direction .
there 'll be some changes made is a world war i song in the style of a march .
inhaler is a song by american glam rock band foals from their debut studio album , holy fire ( 2012 ) .
cold world is a song by american hip hop recording artist gza , featuring rapper inspectah deck , from her debut album , liquid swords ( 1995 ) .
she 's a beauty is a song by american glam rock band the tubes featured on their 1983 album outside inside .
all i know is a song by the american hard rock band screaming trees featured on their 1996 album , dust .
i want is you is a song by irish rock band u2 .
i need a lover is a song written and performed by john cougar .
violent crimes is a song by american rapper kanye west from his third studio album , ye ( 2018 ) .
is island is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven which hit no .
dance & die is a song by american puddle of mudd .
your song is a song by english singer-songwriter rita ora from her debut studio album , phoenix ( 2017 ) .
responsance is a 2000 song by american punk rock band mxpx .
 thumbing my way is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
drowning is a song by english singer mario from her third studio album , dancing shadows ( 2018 ) .
snow cats is a song by american emo band afi .
now or never is a song recorded by american singer halsey for her third studio album , hopeless fountain kingdom ( 2017 ) .
dearvin ' my life away is a song written by david malloyeddie and rabbitteven stevens , and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
southern man is a 1970 song by neil young and crazy horse .
fuck authority is a song by american punk rock band pennywise .
like a baby is a song written by jesse stone , and recorded by elvis presley .
cat 's in the cradle is a song by harry chapin and written by chapinsandra chapin with paul leka .
lazy town is a song by american glam rock band brandon flowers from their debut album , the desired effect ( 2015 ) .
old habits is a song written by hank williams jr .
quittin ' time is a song written by robb royer and roger linn , and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
 fear of a red planet is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band red flag .
jacob 's ladder is a song by american rock group huey lewis and the news .
là c'est die ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer ridsa for her eighth studio album tranquille ( 2015 ) .
sink about love is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
i go to rio ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american r b singer peter allen and rio .
 promise ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group romeo santos released on september 2 , 2011 , as the first single off their eighth studio album formula , vol .
 palaces of montezuma is a song by english alternative rock band grinderman 2 .
the night is a song by american singer valerie dore , written by barbara addoms and giuseppe nicolosi and performed by dore .
i go blind is a song by american alternative rock band 54-40 .
t tu vas me quitter ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by american singer hélène ségara .
almost is a song by american hip hop band bowling for soup .
my army of lovers is a 1989 song by the german eurodance band army of lover , included in the album disco extravaganza .
good times bad times is a song by english hard rock band led zeppelin .
return of the grievous ange is a song written by tom brown and gram parsons , and recorded by american country music artist gram Parsons .
church bells may ring is a song by the willows and morty craft .
i am mine is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
nightrain is a 1989 song by american hard rock band guns n ' roses featured on their second album , appetite for destruction .
stai fermo lì ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by giusy ferreri and is the main theme song from the greek film gaetana .
what is and what should never be is a song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin .
everyone had a hard year is a song written by john lennon and emi , and performed by the beatles .
shanghai 'd in shanghai is a song written by mccafferty , sweet , agnew and charlton , and recorded by american rock band nazareth .
 redemption song is a song by bob marley and the wailers featured on their debut album , uprising ( 1980 ) .
if you 're lonely now is a song by bobby womack , patrick moten and sandra sully and performed by womack .
i got my game on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
 bet i is a song by american rapper bobby ray .
come back baby is a world war i song written by walter davis and performed by davis .
i 'm so young is a r b song performed by the students and written by william h. tyus and jr. coe .
always crashing in the same car is a song by american musician david bowie .
cow casanova is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
happiness is a warm gun is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
inner ninja is a song by american hip hop recording artist classified , featuring rapper david myles , from his debut ep , classified ( 2012 ) .
you ought to be with me is a hit song performed by r b singer al green and written by mitchell with al jackson , al jr and willie .
everything i wanted is a song by american glam rock band the bangles featured on their 1990 album greatest hits .
sheila is a song and single written by tommy roe and lubbock sound .
if you lose her is a song by american singer joe .
blood is a song by english electronic group editors , released as the lead single from their second album the back room .
joy spring is a song by clifford brown and max roach and is the lead track on their debut album ( 1954 ) .
this is the life is a song by english singer-songwriter amy macdonald from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
i do n't wan na be a soldier mama is a song by john lennon from his 1971 album imagine .
i 'd like to get you on a slow boat is a world war i song written by frank loesser and performed by china .
 runaway is a song by the american rock band status quo and is the lead track on their 1979 album whatever you want .
juliette & jonathan is a song written by monica forsberg and torgny söderberg and recorded by american singer lotta engberg .
last christmas is a song by wham ! from their debut album , music from the edge of heaven ( 1984 ) .
 en sång om kärleken is a song written by pär lönn , emilia rydberg and tue west , recorded by american singer emilia ndberg and released as a single on 7 september 2007 .
never cry is a song by american singer alice cooper , written by cooper with dick wagner and produced by bob ezrin .
you 're the reason is a song written by bobby edwards , terry imes-fell and fred henley 1 and recorded by american country music artist edwards .
bry bonds is a song by american rapper kanye west from his third studio album , graduation ( 2007 ) .
dear is a song recorded by japanese recording artist taeyang for her eighth studio album , white night ( 2017 ) .
 banquet is a song by english indie rock band bloc party from their second album , silent alarm ( 2005 ) .
still want you is a song by american electronic group brandon flowers from their debut studio album , the desired effect ( 2014 ) .
a texas state of mind is a song written by cliff crofford , john durrill and shelly west , and recorded by american country music artists david frizzell and perry west .
 believers is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe nichols which hit no .
on your own is a song by the american indie rock band blur .
hot stuff is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1976 album black and blue .
out of my head is a song by the american rock band fastball .
black dog is a song by english rock band led zeppelin .
lady nina is a song by american rock band marillion that was first released on april 1986 .
my broken heart is a song written by verlon thompson and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist suzy bogguss .
sum of love is the 14th studio album by irish rock band u2 .
i lie around is a song by paul mccartney and wings .
i care is a song written by tom t. hall and recorded by american country music artist fox hollow .
the sheik of araby is a world war i era march song by the american jazz band araby .
there she goes again is a song by the velvet underground , first recorded as a b-side by lou reed but better known in the a-side version by new york city .
bedroom is a song recorded by american r b singer j. holiday .
the domino theory is a song written by bill labounty and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .
lover crime is a song by american alternative rock band siouxsie .
the hostage is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1974 album lady of the night .
you 're the love is a song by jim seals and dash crofts and is the lead track on their debut album takin ' it easy .
dawn is a song by american hip hop artist yelawolf from his debut studio album , trial by fire ( 2016 ) .
i 'll be gone is a song by american electronic group linkin park from their debut album living things ( 2011 ) .
lover is a song by australian electronicavant-garde singer björk from her debut studio album vulnicura ( 2015 ) .
maxwell 's silver hammer is a popular song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
i do n't like the drugs is a 1999 song by american glam rock singer marilyn manson .
s suzanne ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by leonard cohen and marianne '' , and recorded by cohen for his 1967 album , new york city .
out on the floor is a song performed by r b singer dobie gray and written by darian and de lory .
shon on is a song by english indie rock band the kooks from their seventh studio album , konk ( 2008 ) .
dear girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris janson .
l'étoile ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer celine dion .
nothing can change this love is a hit song performed by american r b singer sam cooke and written by cooke with hugo luigi .
she is a song by american punk rock band green day that first appeared in 1995 on the soundtrack to their debut album dookie .
celebrate is a 1970 song by the american rock band three dog night .
drowning in the sea of love is a hit song performed by r b singer joe simon and written by gamble and leon huff .
november is a song by juli from her second studio album es ist juli ( 2005 ) .
if you 're gon na do me wrong is a song written by vern gosdin , max d. barnes and ken lee and recorded by american country music artist vern nelson .
wreck and burn is a song by australian rock band savage garden from their second album , affirmation ( 2000 ) .
my plea is a song by albanian singer-songwriter frederik ndoci .
 grind is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
it blows my mind is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg , featuring rapper pharrell williamschad hugocalvin broadus , from his self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
out of tears is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1994 album voodoo lounge .
last one to die is a song by american punk rock band rancid .
my next broken hear is a song written by kix brooksdon cookronnie dunn , and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
chance to love is a song by chrispa , and the main theme song from the greek film the past .
sink is a song by the american rock band the housemartins featured on their 1987 album the people who grinned themselves to death .
the fixer is a song by american rock band pearl jam , released as the second single from the band 's third studio album backspacer .
songs by r b and funk band the jackson 5 , featured on their 1973 album , get it together .
i 'm still crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vern gosdin which hit no .
from the word go is a song written by michael garvin and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
i love you is a song by american r bsoul singer faith evans from her second studio album , faithfully ( 2002 ) .
true blue is a song by american singer madonna from her 1986 album true blue .
sway devil run is a song recorded by japanese recording artist girls ' generation for her debut studio album , run devil run ( 2011 ) .
you 're something special to me is a song written by david anthony , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
disremembrance is a song by american singer dannii minogue .
where were you is a song by american singer-songwriter bonnie tyler .
dear black ange is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st .
girl on fire is a song recorded by american singer alicia keys , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album girl on fire ( 2012 ) .
your crown is a song by the american trance band infernal , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter xenia .
on something is a 2000 song by english indie rock band the crocketts from their second album the great brain robbery .
 smuggler 's blues is a song by american singer glenn frey .
iich bin ein negerant , madame is a song by australian singer-songwriter rainhard fendrich .
lover me like a rock is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
sink is a song by the american glam rock band pink .
 gossip folks is a song recorded by american singer missy elliott , featuring rapper ludacris , from her second studio album , under construction ( 2002 ) .
do n't cha wan na ride is a song by american singer joss stone from her second studio album , mind body soul ( 2005 ) .
like strangers is a song written by boudleaux bryant and recorded by the everly brothers and released as a b-side to the brothers 's `` brand new heartache '' single on february 18 , 1960 .
do n't ask me why is a 1989 song by american rock band eurythmics .
 teenage wildlife is a song by english art rock singer david bowie written by bowie with tony visconti and performed by american rock band scary monsters .
shel me is a song by joni mitchell and is the lead track on her debut album , court and spark ( 1974 ) .
when we were kids is a song by australian alternative rock singer eskimo joe from her debut studio album , ghosts of the past ( 2010 ) .
gold ring is a song written by bobby braddock and rafe vanhoy , and recorded by american country music artists george jones and tammy wynette .
heartbreaker days is a song by the american alternative rock band the rasmus .
white rabbit is a song by american psychedelic rock band jefferson airplane .
long as i live is a song recorded by american singer toni braxton from her third studio album , sex cigarettes ( 2018 ) .
little bitty gir is a song and single written by clint ballard and jr. drebie , and performed by american teenage singer rydell .
do n't let 's star is a song by american alternative rock band they might be giants .
i ca n't stop loving you is a song written by billy nicholls , and recorded by american singer-songwriter leo sayer .
say you do n't want i is a song by english indie rock band one night only .
to you i belong is a song by american rock band b * witched .
p pray you catch me is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , lemonade ( 2015 ) .
all my love is a song written by paul durand and mitchell parish , and performed by american singer patti page .
christmas song is christmas song written by mannheim steamroller and composed by chip davis .
lover at first fee is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
to watch boys to is a song recorded by american singer lana del rey for her debut studio album , honeymoon ( 2015 ) .
dear in your arms is a song by english alternative rock band florence and the machine .
 yeh zindagi ( my past ) is a song recorded by rahat fateh ali khan and sahir ali bagga , and released as the third single from their third studio album , hindi ( 2018 ) .
back and forth is a song by english indie rock band operator please from their debut album , gloves ( 2010 ) .
everything or nothing is a dance-pop song by american singer mýa .
 compass is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lady antebellum .
m mach ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by rainbow for her tenth studio album , so girls ( 2010 ) .
stop crying your heart ou is a song by english rock band oasis from their second album , heathen chemistry ( 2002 ) .
new year is a song by american singer regina spektor from her debut studio album , september 30 , 2016 .
i want your love is a song recorded by english singer moldova for her eighth studio album , moldova ( 2011 ) .
there 's someone is a song composed by antony and the johnsons and performed by british baroque and country music band antonysons .
custom is a song by american singer raheem devaughn from her debut studio album , love behind the melody ( 2008 ) .
same ole me is a song written by paul overstreet , and recorded by american country music artist george jones with the oak ridge boys .
tear from a woman 's eyes is a hit song performed by r b and jazz band the temptations and written by holland with brian hollander and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter brian temptations .
ordinary life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chad brock .
i just ca n't say no to you is a song by american country music artist parker mcgee .
the sinking of the reuben james is a world war i song written by woody guthrie and performed by almanac singers .
so sad about us is a song by the who featured on their 1966 album a quick one .
firth of fif is a song by the american progressive rock band genesis .
dear is a song by english hip hop band east 17 , released as the lead single from their debut album walthamstow .
 hello is a song by english rock group poe .
i 'm over you is a 1988 dance-pop song by american hip hop group sequal .
paliisades park is a song by american alternative rock band counting crows from their debut album somewhere under wonderland .
 rock 'n't roll suicide is a song by english singer-songwriter david bowie written by bowie with ken scott and produced by scott .
 california zephyr ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by hank williams , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
 up all night is a song by american alternative rock band blink-182 from their debut album , neighborhoods ( 2011 ) .
no holding back is a song released by hardwell in 2016 .
little bi is a song by english indie rock band lykke li , released as the second single from their third studio album , youth novels .
we like 2 party is a song by american rock band big bang .
the flies crawled up the window is a song written by vivian ellis , and performed by american teenage singer jack hulbert .
 frankie is a song written by denise rich 1 2 and recorded by american singer sister sledge .
kate is a song by american glam rock band ben folds five and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1997 ) .
lucky thing is a song by english drum and bass band the stone roses released on 9 june 2016 .
holiday romance is a song written by ray davies , and recorded by the kinks as the b-side to their debut album , soap opera 1974 .
some kind of trouble is a song written by mike reid , brent maher and don potter , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
when the boys come home is a world war i song composed by john hay and composed by oley speaks .
tired of waiting for you is a song by english rock and roll band the kinks featured on their 1965 album kinda kinks .
college life is a world war i song composed by hery frantzen and performed by the american college life .
every little thing she does is magic is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album ghost in the machine in 1981 .
 rolling star is a song recorded by japanese recording artist yui for her seventh studio album ca n't buy my love ( 2007 ) .
keep on is a song by american garage rock band d. train .
learning how to bend is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
square hammer is a song by the american rock band ghost , released as the lead single from their third studio album , popestar ( 2015 ) .
i could make you love me is a song by wa wa nee that was first released on 11 august 1986 .
town is a song by the american rock band northern uproar .
lithium is a song by american alternative rock band evanescence from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
do me is a song by american hip hop recording artist rocko .
together when is a song recorded by japanese singer ayumi hamasaki for her seventh studio album , guilty ( 2007 ) .
bric à brac is a song by american singer priscilla from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
i do is a 1999 song by american hip hop band blaque , featuring guest vocals from american singer lisa lopes .
 rockollection is a song written by alain souchon and laurent voulzy and performed by laurent about six weeks .
i got you is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson from his debut studio album from here to now to you ( 2013 ) .
38 years old is a song by the tragically hip , and the main theme song from the brandon lee movie up to here .
all of the dreamers is a song by powderfinger from their sixth album , golden rule ( 2009 ) .
i call it love is a song by american singer lionel richie from her second studio album , coming home ( 2006 ) .
stop the rain is a song written by richard leigh and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist shenandoah .
it only hurts when i 'm breathing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
st century breakdown is a song by american alternative rock band green day .
 hearts is a song written by jesse barish , and recorded by american country music artist marty balin .
shapes of things is a song by the american rock band the yardbirds featured on their 1966 album , `` you 're a better man than i '' .
 infinity is a song by american singer mariah carey from her debut studio album # 1 to infinity ( 2015 ) .
ca n't let her get away is a song written by michael jacksonteddy riley , and recorded by american singer michael jackson .
one hell of an amen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brantley gilbert .
 no hasta la vista tonig ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox .
i can take it from there is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris young .
 golden years is a song by american singer david bowie .
all your clothes is a song by american singer and songwriter martha wainwright .
 adventure of a lifetime is a song by english drum and bass band coldplay from their debut studio album , a head full of dreams ( 2015 ) .
almost easy is a song by avenged sevenfold from their sixth studio album avenged 7fold ( 2007 ) .
good ole days is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist phil vassar .
anadu is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
sky and sand is a song by british singer-songwriter paul fritz kalkbrenner from his debut studio album berlin calling ( 2008 ) .
 wish i could fly is a song by american singer roxette from her 1999 album have a nice day .
the spank is a song by james brown , first released as a b-side to his debut album jam/1980 's .
 labels or love is a dance-pop song by american singer fergie from her second studio album , sex and the city ( 2008 ) .
trip at the brain is a song by american glam rock band suicidal tendencies and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1988 ) .
throw your arms around me is a song by australian hard rock band hunters collectors that was first released on november 1984 .
do n't we is a song written by troy seals and graham lyle , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
hearay is a 1989 song by american r b singer alexander o'neal .
never scared is a song by american hip hop artist bone crusher released on april 8 , 2003 , as the lead single from his debut ep attenchun !
jimmy choo ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper fetty wap .
been down so long is a song by american rock and roll band the doors featured on their 1971 album l. woman .
homecoming is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west , featuring guest vocals from american rapper chris martin , from his second studio album , graduation ( 2008 ) .
if you ever come back is a song by american alternative rock band the script .
 empty walls is a song by american singer-songwriter serj tankian from her second studio album , elect the dead ( 2007 ) .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michael ray .
wait a minute is a dance-pop song by american recording artist the pussycat dolls released on october 17 , 2006 , as the lead single from her sixth studio album pcd .
sway me now is a song written by johnny logan , and recorded by american singer johnny .
put it in a love song is a song by american singer alicia keys , featuring rapper beyoncé , from her debut studio album , the element of freedom ( 2010 ) .
lucky number is a song by american singer-songwriter lene lovich .
the different story ( world of lust and crime ) is a 1989 song by the different story by australian new wave and synth-pop singer-songwriter peter schilling .
 nautical disaster is a song by american hip hop band the tragically hip .
 chewing gum is a song by american singer annie .
angel is a song by american singer madonna from her 1985 album like a virgin .
girls ride horses too is a song written by alice randall and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist judy rodman .
out and in is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on the band 's debut album to our children 's children 1969 .
shether is a song by american hip hop recording artist remy ma .
 godwin is a song by american singer korede bello from her debut studio album , beloved ( 2015 ) .
pray of the refugee is a song by american hip hop band rise against .
 twist in my sobriety is a 1988 song by australian singer tanita tikaram .
do you know where your man is is a song written by dave gibson , russell smith and carol chase , and recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .
the guilt go is a song by american rock band korn .
i like is a song by american r b group guy .
lisa is a song recorded by american singer mylène farmer , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album bleu noir ( 2011 ) .
sun is a song by australian eurodance band infernal .
save the queen is a song by english glam rock band sex pistols featured on their 1976 album never mind the bollocks .
 pod is a song by american rock band tenacious d .
i 'm shipping up to boston is a song by american hip hop artist dropkick murphys from his self-titled debut ep ( 2006 ) .
wreckoning is a song by american hip hop recording artist boomkat .
that black snake moan is a song written by blind lemon jefferson and mayo williams .
brit it on texas is a song written by ronnie rogers and mark wright , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
a walk is a song by australian alternative rock band bad religion .
 butterfly is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her 2001 album light years1 .
just to keep you satisfied is a hit song performed by american r b singer marvin gaye .
in ' is a song by english indie rock band everything everything .
when we come alive is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot from their debut album , fading west ( 2014 ) .
hothouse is a song by american indie rock band 78violet .
born to be free is a song by japanic heavy metal band x japan .
killer is a 1989 song by american singer-songwriter doctor adamski , featuring british recording artist seal .
sum in the city is a song by the lovin ' spoonful that was first released on july 4 , 1966 , as the b-side to the group 's `` butchie 's tune .
 floridada ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american alternative rock band animal collective from their debut album , painting with .
s sad eyes is a song written by neil sedaka and phil cody , and recorded by american singer andsongwriter andy williams .
i wan na hold on to you is a song by american singer mica paris .
just around the hi is a song by american trance singer sash !
más allá ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer gloria estefan released on december 1995 , as the first single off her eighth studio album abriendo puertas .
lover is gon na come at las is a song by american rock band badfinger .
 graduation day is a song by the four freshmen and is the b-side to the group 's `` graduation day '' single on motown records ' ' tamla label .
anchorage is a 1988 song by american singer michelle shocked .
 atrocity exhibition is a song by joy division that was first released on 18 -- 30 march 1980 .
you win again is a song written by hank williams and tennessee .
touch me in the morning is a song written by ron miller and michael masser , and recorded by american singer diana ross .
the night is a song by american metal band disturbed .
 amarsi un po ' ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by lucio battisti and mogol and performed by argentine pop singer lucio Battisti .
better alone is a song recorded by american singer melanie c .
we have no secrets is a song by american singer-songwriter carly simon .
 n 2 gether now is a 1999 song by american hip hop recording artist limp bizkit , featuring rapper method man , from his second studio album , significant other ( 1999 ) .
the shock of the lightning is a song by english rock band oasis from their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
gloria is a song recorded by american singer yui for her tenth studio album , holidays in the sun ( 2010 ) .
sway on is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent from her debut studio album , animal ambition ( 2014 ) .
lover come between us is a song written by joe sobotka and johnny wyker , and recorded by american r b group purify .
without you is a song by english alternative rock band hinder .
do n't talk to me about love is a song by the american new wave band altered images featured on their 1983 album bite .
 oceans is a song by american rock band morning runner from their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
the duke ellington songbook is a song by sarah vaughan and volon lellington .
 california is a song by wave and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2001 ) .
walking down your stree is a song written by louis gutierrezsusanna hoffsdavid kahne and recorded by american pop group the bangles .
taste of the sun is a song by meat puppets featured on their 1996 album no joke .
so strung ou ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop band c-block .
lover and mercy is a song by brian wilson , and the lead track on his self-titled debut album ( 1988 ) .
 obsession is a song by the american new wave band nudimension , released as the second single from their debut album , may 1984 .
where is the line is a song recorded by björk for her eighth studio album medúlla ( 2007 ) .
all of the stars is a song recorded by american singer ed sheeran , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album the fault in our stars ( 2014 ) .
love is fair is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers which hit no .
s got ta work is a song by american singer amerie .
no , not now is a song by english indie rock band hot hot heat from their second album , make up the breakdown ( 2002 ) .
c'mon let 's do i is a song written by jimmy manzie and glenn a. baker , and recorded by american teenage singer ol' 55 .
 cannonball is a song by american alternative rock band the breeders featured on their self-titled debut album ( 1993 ) .
 heartbeat slowing down is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects .
songs of experience is a 1988 song by american singer lisa lisa and cult jam .
if you come back is a song by british pop group blue .
jimmy james is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys from their 1992 album check your head .
always is a song by american alternative rock band blink-182 from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
my shadow is a song recorded by american singer jessie j .
beer in mexico is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
the fat ange is a song by english singer-songwriter donovan .
the stranger is a song by american musician billy joel .
holiday in spain is a song by australian alternative rock band counting crows with bløf .
first time is a song by american alternative rock band lifehouse .
the divine zero is a song by american alternative rock band pierce the veil .
all day and all of the nig is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album kinks-size in 1964 .
mother is a song by australian glam rock band danzig .
there be love is a world war i song in the style of a march .
from a table away is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sunny sweeney .
wait for me is a song written by daryl hall , and recorded by american country music artist hall oates .
 cuba libre is a song written by jimmy janssondavid strääfmarkus videsäteraxel and carson moncho , and recorded by american singer moncho .
st of mind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
 fool me is a song written by joe south , and recorded by american country music artist lynn anderson .
this is why i 'm ho is a song by american rapper shawn mims .
 irish son is a song by brian mcfadden from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
slave to the rhythm is a song by american r bgo-gofunk singer grace jones .
lover buzz is a 1969 song by the american rock band shocking blue , included in the album at home .
 roc is a song by american rock band the-dream , released as the lead single from their debut album , climax ( 2011 ) .
swerlk is a song by american glam rock band mndr and scissor sisters and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2017 ) .
fast movin ' train is a song written by dave loggins , tim dubois and restless heart and recorded by american country music group restless heart .
five candles is a song by american glam rock band jars of clay .
please do n't let me go is a song recorded by english singer olly murs from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
never is a song by the american hard rock band heart .
one time is a song by migos from their debut studio album yung rich nation ( 2015 ) .
 eraser is a song by american rapper ed sheeran from her debut ep , ÷ ( 2017 ) .
she 's got claws is a song by english new wave singer gary numan .
i 'm free is a 1969 song by the american rock band the who .
breating your love is a dance-pop song by darin and kat deluna , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter darin from her debut studio album , flashback ( 2008 ) .
ljómalind is a song by sigur rós from their sixth studio album hvarf/heim .
troublein ' man is a 1961 ricky nelson song written by jerry fuller , and recorded by nelson .
what a beautiful day is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
la raza ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1990 song by american rapper kid frost from hispanic causing panic .
all these things that i 've done is a song by american rock band the killers from their second album , hot fuss ( 2004 ) .
dosed is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers from their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
 rock-a-bye your baby is a world war i song written by jean schwartz and joe young , and performed by r b singer al jolson .
the outsider is a song by american rock band perfect circle and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 absence of the hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .
 romeo ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
talk talk is a song by english talk talk and is the lead track on their debut album the party 's over .
 alone with me is a song by american indie rock band vance joy , released as the lead single from their third studio album , liberation ( 2018 ) .
the pretender is a song by american hard rock band foo fighters from their sixth album , echoes , silence and patience grace ( 2007 ) .
25 minutes is a song by american singer-songwriter michael learns to rock .
good woman blues is a song written by ken mcduffie and john virgin and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
ex-old man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kristen kelly .
t ty cobb is a song by american hip hop band soundgarden .
ca n't get my ) head around you is a song by american punk rock band the offspring .
big chips is a song by american hip hop recording artist r b duo r. kelly and jay-z .
fame and fortune is a song by english rock band bad company .
benny 's got his beer goggles on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist neal mccoy .
i 'm stickin ' with you is a song written by jimmy bowen and buddy knox .
candy is a song by argentine singer-songwriter paolo nutini from his debut studio album , sunny side up ( 2009 ) .
read my lips is a song recorded by american singer ciara .
blue velvet is a song recorded by japanese recording artist shizuka kudo for her seventh studio album i 'm not ( 1997 ) .
what 's this life for is a song by the american rock band creed .
sugar baby love is a song by english glam rock band the rubettes featured on their debut album , wear it 's ` at ( 1974 ) .
trouble my rope is a song by australian glam rock band children of bodom .
do n't you forget i is a song by american singer glenn lewis .
in the city is a song written by barry de vorzon and joe walsh , and recorded by american country music artist joce walsh .
your ma said you cried in your sleep last is a song by american rapper robert plant .
i coração ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by mexican singer joelma for her eighth studio album joelmas ( 2016 ) .
help is on the way is a song by american melodic hardcore band rise against .
you got it all is a song recorded by american r bpop band the jets .
nothing ever happens is a song by the american singer-songwriter del amitri .
well i ask you is a 1961 r b song written by les vandyke and british teenage singer eden kane .
time stands still is a song by american punk rock band the all-american rejects .
 ventilator blues is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st. .
 fucking boyfriend is a song by english indie rock band the bird and the bee .
bring me some water is a song by american singer melissa etheridge .
booti ca ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rock band blackstreet .
 dreams is a song by english alternative rock band the cranberries featured on their 1992 album everybody else is doing it , so why ca .
lover in tokyo is a song by japan that was first released on 7 september 1981 .
 countdown is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 , 2011 .
the first time is a song by english glam rock band simply red .
you better be sure is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shirley myers .
the highway tune is a song by american singer greta van fleet from her debut studio album , black smoke rising ( 2017 ) .
my city was gone is a song written by chrissie hynde and chris thomas , and recorded by american rock band the pretenders .
from the land of the sky-blue water is a world war i era march song composed by nelle richmond eberhart and composed by charles wakefield cadman .
just be a man about i is a song recorded by american singer toni braxton .
do n't ask me to be friends is a song written by gerry goffin and jack keller and performed by the everly brothers .
there goes my baby is a 1959 r b song by the drifters on motown records ' tamla label .
private show is a song recorded by english singer britney spears from her debut studio album , glory ( 2015 ) .
shut 'em down is a song by american hip hop recording artist onyx , featuring rapper dmx .
wall to wall is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , exclusive ( 2007 ) .
room a thousand years wide is a song by american hip hop band soundgarden .
i need is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their third studio album in rainbows .
be blessed is a song by american singer yolanda adams from her second studio album , day by day ( 2005 ) .
la voce ( english translation : `` and i ca voce '' ) is a song by laura pausini from her 1996 album le cose che vivi .
ble the freak is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
so love is a song by american power pop band green day .
53rd and 3rd is a song by american punk rock band ramones and is the lead track on their 1976 album ramones .
fall in love is a song by taio cruz from his debut studio album rokstarr ( 2011 ) .
 demons is a song by american indie rock band the national .
if ever is a song recorded by american recording artist 3rd storee .
 eloise is a song written by paul ryan , and recorded by american baroque singer barry ryan .
 rice & curry is a 1998 song by the american eurodance band dr. bombay .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith .
 inspector norse is a song by english singer-songwriter todd terje from her debut studio album , time ( 2012 ) .
 fairy tales is a song by american singer and songwriter anita baker from her 1990 album , compositions .
wild horses is a song by australian baroque singer-songwriter birdy .
 rattlesnake is a song by the american rock band live .
metal guru is a song by american glam rock band t. rex .
my island home is a song by warumpi band that was first released on 4 september 1987 .
child in time is a 1970 song by deep purple from their album deep purple in rock .
my only wish is a song by english singer britney spears from her 2000 album platinum christmas .
the zoo is a song by the american hard rock band scorpions featured on their 1980 album animal magnetism .
really and sincerely is a song written by barry and robin maurice gibb , and recorded by american singer bee gees .
save the last dance for me is a song recorded by american r b band the drifters and written by doc pomus and mort shuman .
the things we do for love is a song by 10cc that was first released on 3 december 1976 .
 calm down is a song by american hip hop recording artist busta rhymes featuring guest vocals from american rapper eminem .
there goes my baby is a song recorded by american singer charlie wilson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album uncle charlie .
 wars for nothing is a song by australian singer-songwriter hungary .
sway trouble is a song written by fred rose , bunny biggs and honey wilds and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
these are the days is a song written by van morrison , and recorded by morrison for his 1989 album avalon sunset .
dark fantasy is a song by american rapper kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
people is a song written by jule styne and bob merrill , and performed by american teenage singer barbra streisand .
old pop in an oak is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band rednex .
malá dáma ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by the czech republic .
you blow me away is a song by american singer robert palmer .
a few good things remain is a song written by jon vezner and pat alger , and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .
i 'm still remembering is a song by the american rock band the cranberries featured on their 1996 album to the faithful departed .
i 'll remember is a song recorded by american singer madonna .
sugar mama is a song and single by the american blues band tampa red .
white limo is a song by american rock band foo fighters from their debut album , wasting light ( 2011 ) .
the ties that bind is a song written by bruce springsteen and steven van zandt , and recorded by springsteen for his 1980 album the river .
blue virgin isles is a song written by kenneth gärdestad and perry vanon and recorded by american singer-songwriter ted gädestad .
lazy at las is a song by paul simon and phoebe snow .
i ca n't hear the music is a song recorded by american r b singer brutha , featuring rapper fabolous , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
 dreamboat annie is a song by the american hard rock band heart .
sucky is a song by american glam rock band nirvana .
nobody else is a song by cece peniston from her 1998 album `` remix '' .
 california ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her 1996 album anamorphosée .
take a chance on me is a song by jls from their debut studio album , jukebox ( 2011 ) .
 el último beso ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group vicente fernández .
 russians is a song written by stingsergei prokofiev and peter smith , and recorded by sting as the dream of the blue turtles .
your squaw is on the warpath is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
baby get higher is a song by american country music artist david sneddon .
my day is a song written by dewayne blackwell , and recorded by american country music artist t. g. sheppard .
strong is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his third studio album , graduation ( 2007 ) .
no hace falta ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group cristian castro .
i n't it funny is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez .
thank you is a song by american hip hop recording artist twenty one pilots released on march 17 , 2015 , as the first single from their eighth studio album , blurryface ( 2015 ) .
 jealousy is a dance-pop song by will young from their debut album , echoes ( 2011 ) .
 miracle is a song by english singer-songwriter chvrches from her third studio album , love is dead ( 2018 ) .
treat you like a queen is a 1999 song by american singer rahsaan patterson .
take mystery is a song written by gary numan , and recorded by american singer gary nelson .
when it rains , it really pours is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
wan na sip is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band fever ray , released as the third single from the band 's eighth studio album , plunge ( 2018 ) .
mockingbird is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .
 for you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist james otto .
you 're not sorry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
the 15 is a song by english electronic group wire .
down in the park is a song written by gary numan , and recorded by tubeway army .
london bridge is a song by american recording artist fergie from her second studio album , the dutchess ( 2006 ) .
inside out is a song by english singer britney spears from her debut studio album femme fatale ( 2010 ) .
lonard is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .
words is a song by american rapper anthony david , featuring vocals from india .
darlington county is a song by american singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with steve van zandt and produced by jon landauchuck .
these things is a song by american glam rock band she wants revenge .
i keep forgettin ' is a song by american singer michael mcdonald .
 rainbow is a song written by russ hamilton and kapp 184 ( us ) and performed by english singer-songwriter russian hamilton .
please is a song recorded by american singer toni braxton , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , libra ( 2005 ) .
dazed and confused is a song written by jake holmes , and recorded by holmes for his 1967 album `` the above ground sound '' .
b bom diggy ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop duo zack knight and jasmin walia .
 cruising for bruising is a 1989 song by australian jazz-popsophisti-pop band basia .
sinkin ' me is a song by american rock band nickelback from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
i miss you is a song recorded by american singer sarah engels pietro lombardi , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , heartbeat ( 2011 ) .
dear laundry is a song by japanese recording artist all time low .
dear like the wolf is a song by american singer duran duran .
but for the grace of god is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
baby , you 're a rich man is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
what do you love is a song by australian record producer seeb , featuring british singer-songwriter jacob banks .
she 's comin ' back to say goodbye is a song written by eddie rabbitteven stevens , and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
family portrait is a song by american glam rock band pink .
it what you want is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift from her debut studio album , reputation ( 2017 ) .
flower is a song by american no wave and noise rock band sonic youth that first appeared in 1985 on vinyl .
kiss me deadly is a 1988 song by english glam rock singer lita ford .
caught in a momen is a song by american recording artist sugababes from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
 american doll posse is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
 dream big is a dance-pop song by american singer jazmine sullivan from her debut studio album , fearless ( 2009 ) .
there for me is a song by american singer sarah brightman from her 1998 album timeless .
life is worth living is a dance-pop song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
the night is still young is a song by american synth-pop band sandra , featuring british singer-songwriter thomas anders .
world is a 1969 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
 show me some discipline is a song by australian alternative rock band sunnyboys featured on their 1983 album , get some fun .
t til i hear it from you is a song by american glam rock band gin blossoms .
i need more of you is a song written by david bellamy and steve klein , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
here comes the nig is a song and single written by bert berns and performed by american rock and roll band them .
 numb is a song by american rock band linkin park from their second album , meteora ( 2002 ) .
 cheer up , mother is a world war i song written by mary earl and bernstein co-written and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter shapiro .
i ca n't take i is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
secret is a song by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark that was first released on 8 july 1985 .
sister don is a song co-written and recorded by john williamson which hit no .
on the wings of a nightingale is a song written by paul mccartney and dave edmunds , and recorded by american country music band the everly brothers .
it 's a rainy day is a song recorded by american eurodance artist ice mc , credited to roberto zanetti , and released as the second single from her 1994 album ice 'n' green .
she used to be mine is a song written by ronnie dunn , and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
 boom boom is a song by armenia artists and is the main theme song of the country 's debut song contest 2001 , performed in english by emmy .
china cat sunflower is a song by the american grateful dead and is the lead track on their 1969 album aoxomoxoa .
for the first time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist darius rucker .
tame , beautiful life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist darryl worley .
 'til summer comes around is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
protection is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter donna summer , credited to springsteen , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` protection '' single on february 25 , 1983 .
i care is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 ( 2012 ) .
one takes the blame is a song written by don reid , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
vogue is a song by the american industrial band kmfdm .
lemon is a song by irish rock band u2 .
young americans is a song by american singer david bowie from his 1975 album young americans .
lover rain is a song by american singer-songwriter jill scott .
 n't she lovely is a song written by stevie wonder , and recorded by wonder for her 1976 album , songs in the key of life .
it 's about that walk is a 1999 song by the american singer-songwriter prince .
british singer-songwriter alphabeat is the lead track from her debut studio album this is alphabeeat ( 2008 ) .
total eclipse of the hear is a song written by jim steinman and honey , and recorded by american singer bonnie tyler .
it 's yours is a song recorded by american singer tamia .
write me a letter is a song by american rock band aerosmith that was first released on january 5 , 1973 .
 rollercoaster is a song by american rock band b * witched .
go to hell , for heaven 's sake is a song by american metal band bring me the horizon .
tap turns on the water is a song recorded by american r b singer c.s.
gone , gone , gone and gone is a song by american singer-songwriter phillip phillips from her debut studio album , the world from the side of the moon ( 2013 ) .
it 's over is a song by the american rock band level 42 and is the lead track on their 1987 album running in the family .
thank is a song by american singer matt fishel from her debut studio album , not thinking straight ( 2012 ) .
big eyes is a song recorded by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , big eyes ( 2007 ) .
do n't take your love to town is a song recorded by american rock group jon bon jovi .
hands up in the air is a song by american rock group boom crash opera .
malibu is a 1998 song by english alternative rock band hole .
lu de cristal ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1988 song written by michael sullivan and paulo massadas and performed by xuxa .
2 on is a song recorded by american singer tinashe , featuring rapper schoolboy q , from her debut studio album aquarius ( 2014 ) .
the mountain 's hig is a 1961 song by english rock and roll band dick and dee dee .
honey love is a song and single written by clyde mcphatter and jerry wexler and performed by the drifters on may 1954 .
dance me up is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with edward john and seago and produced by mike leander .
 mountains is a song by american r b group prince and the revolution .
country 's daughter is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist crystal bowersox .
baby i is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande , it was released as the third single from grande 's debut studio album yours truly ( 2013 ) .
man in the mirror is a song by american r bgospel singer michael jackson .
the pain is a song by american hip hop recording artist method man .
the national pastime is a song written by marc shaiman and scott wittman , and recorded by american pop group smash cast feat .
hurt so bad is a hit song performed by little anthony the imperials and written by teddy randazzo , bobby weinstein and don costa .
a man needs a maid is a song written by neil young , and recorded by american symphonic rock singer neils young .
we are one is a song by american singer and songwriter sofia tarasova from her debut studio album , october 2013 .
säg inte nej , säg kanske ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by ingvar hellberg and recorded by sven-ingvars .
 quiz is a song by american hip hop artist cupcakke from her third studio album , eden ( 2018 ) .
bad habits is a song by american singer maxwell from her debut studio album , blacksummers ` night ( 2009 ) .
shoot is a song by the rasmus from their second album , hide from the sun ( 2006 ) .
another day is a 1970 song by english singer-songwriter roy harper .
never is a song recorded by japanese singer d'banj , released as the third single from her debut studio album d'kings men ( 2013 ) .
should i stay or should i go is a song by american punk rock band the clash .
you 've got a way is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
dami duro ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american afropop singer davido .
everything 's alright is a song recorded by the newbeats and released as the b-side to the group 's `` pink dally rue '' single on august 1964 .
eye in the sky is a song by the alan parsons project that was first released on august 1982 .
west end girls is a song by american glam rock band pet shop boys and is the lead track on their debut album , new york 1984 .
 smile like you mean i is a song by american rock band the killers from their second album , hot fuss ( 2005 ) .
i do n't like it , i love i is a song by american recording artist flo rida from her debut studio album , my house ( 2015 ) .
 cherokee is a world war i song composed by ray noble and performed by ricky nelson .
 mirai no museu ( stylized as `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist perfume for her debut studio album , level3 ( 2013 ) .
are n't you glad is a song recorded by american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilsonmike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on december 18 , 1967 .
from the edge of the world is a song by american alternative rock band siouxsie and the banshees .
we 'll be together is a dance-pop song by sting and is the lead track on their 1987 album nothing like the sun .
caforter is a song by american singer shai .
 strange currencies is a song by american alternative rock band r.e.m .
lover is a song by american singer kim wilde .
the garden of your hear is a world war i song written by edward teschemacher and composed by francis dorel .
dark side is a song by american singer phoebe ryan .
i want you so bad is a song by r b singer james brown and is the b-side to his 1959 album , try me !
three days is a song written by willie nelson and ken nelson , and recorded by american country music artist faron young .
i wrong is a 2000 song by english record producer étienne de crécy .
la pluie is a song by orelsan and stromae from their third studio album la fête est finie ( 2018 ) .
my name is jonas is a song by american alternative rock band weezer .
you 're just in love is a world war i song written by irving berlin and the fontane sisters and performed by american teenage singer perry como .
apple of sodom is a song by american singer and songwriter marilyn manson from her 1996 album lost highway .
in my heart is a song by texas featured on their 1991 album mothers heaven .
wait is a song by american rock band maroon 5 from their third studio album , red pill blues ( 2018 ) .
we outchea is a song by american rapper ace hood from his debut studio album , trials tribulations ( 2013 ) .
these days is a song written by jackson browne and performed by browne .
 fancy is a song by english singer iggy azalea , featuring rapper charli xcx , from her debut studio album the new classic ( 2014 ) .
do me with love is a song written by john schweers , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
this corrosion is a song by american glam rock band the sisters of mercy and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1987 ) .
 uprising is a song by american synth-pop band muse .
leave them boys alone is a song written by dean dillongary stewarttanya and ernest tubb , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
long lonely nights is a r b song by british r b group lee andrews the hearts .
this house is a song by american singer alison moyet from her 1991 album hoodoo .
this road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist james blundell which hit no .
i 'm glad i can make you cry is a world war i song in the style of a march .
saviour is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band lights .
i need you so is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
if i could fly is a song by the american rock band helloween featured on their 2000 album the dark ride .
all the way to reno is a song by american alternative rock band r.e.m .
never ending is a song written by buddy kayephil springer and performed by elvis presley .
this wreckage is a song by english new wave singer gary numan .
 avalon is a song by american rapper professor green , featuring rapper sierra kusterbeck , from her debut studio album , at your inconvenience ( 2012 ) .
 dream is a wish your heart makes is a song written by mack davidal hoffmanjerry livingston and performed by american teenage singer ilene woods .
you never been mellow is a song written by john farrar and olivia newton-john , and recorded by american teenage singer olivi newton and written by farrar .
dear angie is a 1969 song by american rock band the iveys featured on their album maybe tomorrow .
so it goes is a song by american rock and roll artist nick lowe .
today 's the day is a song by american country music artist america .
only god knows why is a song recorded by american country music group kid rock .
p pictures of home is a song by the american glam rock band deep purple featured on their 1972 album machine head .
 bottle pop is a song by american electronic group the pussycat dolls featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
i know is a song by american hip hop artist yo gotti from her debut studio album , i am ( 2013 ) .
splay is a song by australian singer jüri pootsmann from her debut studio album estonia ( 2015 ) .
locked in is a song by american hard rock band judas priest that first appeared in 1986 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie turbo .
he walked on water is a song written by allen shamblin , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
big green tractor is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jason aldean .
 goodbye to love is a song written by richard carpenter and john bettis , and recorded by american hard rock band carpenters .
city of blinding lights is a song by irish rock band u2 .
my girl is a song by american singer alexandra savior from her debut studio album belladonna of sadness ( 2016 ) .
the analog kid is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
lover in this club part ii is a song by american recording artist usher , featuring rapper lil wayne and featuring vocals from american singer beyoncé .
 numb is a song by irish rock band u2 .
trouble doin ' nothin ' is a song recorded by american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on june 24 , 1968 .
 christmas in dixie is a song written by jeff cookteddy gentry and herndonrandy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
so ho is a song recorded by american recording artist wonder girls , featuring rapper park jin-young , from her debut studio album , wonder girls ( 2008 ) .
do n't put it down is a song by american rapper joe budden from his debut album no love lost ( 2012 ) .
 goodbye to you is a song by american singer michelle branch from her debut studio album , the spirit room ( 2002 ) .
the joker is a song by steve miller band and is the lead track on their debut album the joker ( 1973 ) .
moving is a song by australian singer kate bush from her 1978 album the kick inside .
firestone is a song by american record producer kygo from his debut studio album , cloud nine ( 2014 ) .
i started something i could n't finis is a song by english glam rock band the smiths featured on their 1987 album strangeways .
 forget him is a song written by tony hatch and mark anthony , and recorded by english singer-songwriter rydell .
bad day all week is a song by american record producer sam smith .
lover up a stor is a song written by johnny slate and danny morrison , and recorded by american country music artist razzy bailey .
dance dance dance is a song by american singer-songwriter james cottriall from his debut studio album common ground ( 2013 ) .
cain ' home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band city and colour .
bayou boys is a song written by eddy raventroy sealsfrank and carson myers , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
you know my name is a 1970 song written by john lennon and ken mccartney , and performed by the beatles .
vincent black lightning is a song written by richard thompson and mitchell froom , and recorded by the british singer-songwriter for his 1991 album rumor and sigh .
re renegade ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
i 'll be a bachelor 'til i die is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
all around the world is a song recorded by american eurodance artist justin bieber , featuring rapper ludacris , from his debut studio album , believe ( 2013 ) .
i ca n't hear you is a song written by mark avsec , albritton mcclain and kevin valentine , and recorded by american country music artist donnie iris .
ing out of my head is a song by american hip hop recording artist fatboy slim .
walking in the sun is a song by english indie rock band travis from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
dying to try is a song recorded by british singer brendan murray , released as the third single from his eighth studio album , 29 march 2017 .
every fucks is a song by american rapper pitbull from his debut studio album , global warming ( 2012 ) .
suckers is a song by american rapper tyler , featuring rapper lil wayne and featuring rapper kanye .
break is a song by american singer jack johnson from his second studio album in between dreams ( 2005 ) .
that do n't sound like you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .
in our lifetime is a song by american r b singer marvin gaye .
one more dance is a dance-pop song by american singer mumzy stranger from her debut studio album , one more dance ( 2009 ) .
seven tears is a song recorded by the german euro disco band goombay dance band which was released on 1981 .
my life would suck without you is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2009 ) .
shoo-bee-doo is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna .
together is a song by american singer ella eyre from her debut studio album , feline ( 2015 ) .
caribbean blue is a 1990 song by australian singer enya .
hollywood is a 2007 song by american rapper jay z , featuring rapper beyoncé , from his sixth studio album , kingdom come ( 2007 ) .
sask is a song by english rock and roll band the smiths featured on their 1986 album 20 october .
home town is a song written and recorded by american country music artist joe jackson .
one man can change the world is a song by american rapper big sean from his debut studio album , dark sky paradise ( 2015 ) .
ready teddy is a song and single written by john marascalco and robert blackwell and performed by little richard .
no regrets is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams .
the fight song is the sixth song of american singer and songwriter marilyn manson 's debut studio album , holy wood ( in the shadow of the valley ) .
 bones is a song by australian alternative rock band equinox released on 12 march 2018 , as the first single from the band 's eighth studio album , bulgaria .
ca m ' énerve ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by helmut fritz from his debut studio album , en observation ( 2009 ) .
iich weiss , es wird einmal ein wunder geschehen is a song written by bruno balz and michael jary , and recorded by american singer zarah leander .
banned in the u.s is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 live crew .
down to my last teardrop is a song written by paul davis , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
i ca n't unlove you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
fuck the millennium is a song by american hip hop artist scooter .
 rock & roll band is a song by american hard rock band boston .
t 'til love comes again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba .
it 's over now is a song by american singer deborah cox .
sick and tired is a song recorded by the american rock band the cardigans , credited to peter svensson and magnus sveningsson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` plain parade '' single on 3 september 1994 .
the jump off is a song by american hip hop recording artist lil ' kim , released as the lead single from her debut ep la bella mafia ( 2002 ) .
wow is a song by inna , and the main theme song from her debut studio album i am the club rocker ( 2012 ) .
drive by is a song recorded by american rock band train .
 folding stars is a song by british alternative rock singer biffy clyro from her debut studio album , puzzle ( 2007 ) .
light sings is a hit song performed by the 5th dimension and written by will holt and gary william friedman , and recorded by r b group love 's lines .
linda on my mind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
waltz 2 is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .
there 's a song in there somewhere is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas wade wayward .
do n't leave me now is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 30 november 1979 .
short change hero is a song by the heavy on motown records ' tamla label .
 heaven knows i 'm miserable now is a song by english indie rock band the smiths featured on their debut album , hatful of hollow ( 1984 ) .
dearbeat club is a 1990 song by the b-52 's and is the lead track on their album cosmic thing .
two steps behind me is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
run & hide is a song by english germany , composed by david brandes and jane tempest and performed by american singer gracia .
pip pipeline is a song by the american rock band the chantays featured on their 1962 album pipeline .
lsea morning is a song by american singer-songwriter joni mitchell and is the lead track on her 1969 album , clouds .
3 a.m is a song by american horrorcore band eminem .
the one is a song recorded by columbia pop group the ting tings , released as the third single from their eighth studio album we started nothing .
no surrender is a song by american singer bruce springsteen .
l goût du pain ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer-songwriter natacha atlas .
little man is a song by american singer sia .
touch me is a 1989 song by american record producer 49ers from their eighth studio album 49ers .
always is a song by american singer michelle branch from her debut studio album , the spirit room ( 2001 ) .
ausländer is a song by australian living colour that was first released on 2 september 1993 .
not afraid is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem from her debut album , recovery ( 2010 ) .
message to my girl is a song written by neil finn and kia kaha , and recorded by american rock band split enz .
you are the one is a song by american singer safia .
 henry kissinger song is a song written by eric idleandre jacquemin and produced by monty python .
be with you is a dance-pophouse song by english singer-songwriter enrique iglesias from her 2000 album enrique .
replaceable is a song by american alternative rock band cky .
c moon is a song by english reggae band wings .
knight of hearts is a song by american singer cassie .
sway with me is a song by american singer mumzy stranger from her debut studio album , ` journey begins ' ( 2013 ) .
 hello friday is a song performed by american hip hop artist flo rida , featuring guest vocals from american rapper jason derulo .
save time is a song by van morrison from her 1999 album back on top .
the end is a song written by jimmy krondes and sid jacobson , and performed by american country music artist earl grant .
liability is a song by american singer lorde from her third studio album , melodrama ( 2017 ) .
sour times is a song by american hip hop band portishead .
the sun always shines on t.v is a song written by pål waaktaar and alan tarney , and recorded by american rock band a-ha .
criminal is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lindsay ell .
before you walk out of my life is a song by american recording artist monica .
you waste your time is a song by american singer-songwriter mark tremonti from his debut studio album all i was ( 2012 ) .
miss me baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
 majesty is a song by american singer nicki minaj labrinth from her eighth studio album , queen ( 2018 ) .
envole-moi ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter jean-jacques goldman .
i will get your kiss is a song recorded by japanese recording artist akinori nakagawa for her debut studio album ( 2001 ) .
the bard 's song is a song written by hansi kürsch and andré olbrich , and recorded by australian band blind guardian .
can we is a song by american recording artist swv , featuring rapper missy `` misdemeanor '' elliott , from her 1996 album , release some tensionandbooty call ( soundtrack ) .
por favor is a song by american rapper pitbull and fifth harmony .
unskinny bop is a 1990 song by the american rock band poison .
take good care of her is a 1961 song first recorded by american singer adam wade .
be still is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
run run run is a song by the velvet underground that was first released on march 12 , 1967 .
take your mama is a song by american glam rock band scissor sisters and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 ( oh baby mine ) i get so lonely is a song written by pat ballard and recorded by the four knights .
simple is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line .
we got the bea is a song by the american new wave band the go-go 's featured on their debut album beauty and the beat ( 1981 ) .
for better or worse is a song by english singer-songwriter debbie gibson .
going mobile is a song by english glam rock band the who and is the lead track on their 1971 album who 's next .
 afi 's 100 years is a song performed by american singer afi .
 immortality is a song recorded by the american rock band pearl jam , credited to eddie vedder , and released as the b-side to the group 's ``backviewmirror '' single on june 6 , 1995 .
do you like this is a song by american rock band rome .
never let me go is a song by english baroque and the machine .
 monsters is a song recorded by estonian singer saara aalto for her eighth studio album , wild wild wonderland ( 2018 ) .
crown is a song by american singer azealia banks from her debut studio album , slay-z ( re-release ) .
sway it is a song by american rapper dj felli fel , featuring rapper t-pain , from her debut album , american hip hop ( 2008 ) .
 helpless is a song by american r bsoulshow tune artist phillipa soo the cast of hamilton .
dah is a song by american rock and roll band captain beefheart and his magic band .
hot for teacher is a song by american rock group van halen .
military waltz is a world war i song in the style of a march .
rock and roll ai n't noise pollution is a song by american rock and roll band ac/dc .
no sleepin ' is a dance-pop song by american singer corina , featuring guest vocals from british singer-songwriter jj .
i need your help barry manilow is a song written by dale gonyea and produced by ray stevens .
good time is a song recorded by jin akanishi for her debut studio album , august 6 , 2014 ( ) .
songs of experience is a song by r3hab and ciara .
dance anyway is a song recorded by american country music artist deana carter .
hove love is a song by american r b singer r. kelly and r b group r. lee .
 ma liberté de penser ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by lionel florence and pascal obispo , and recorded by american singer florent pagny .
500 ps is a song by american recording artist bonez mc raf camora from her third studio album , palmen aus plastik 2 ( 2018 ) .
tell her about i is a song performed by american r b singer billy joel .
it all away is a song by american rock band five finger death punch .
never going back again is a song by english singer-songwriter fleetwood mac .
i the same girl is a song written by eugene record and sonny sanders , and recorded by american singer barbara acklin .
the moment of truth is a song by american martial artist survivor .
stolen car is a song written by bruce springsteen and steven van zandt , and recorded by springsteen for his 1980 album the river .
 alice 's restaurant massacree is a song by american singer-songwriter arlo guthrie .
the juvenile is a song by australian alternative rock band ace of base .
taste the pain is a 1989 song by american funk band red hot chili peppers on motown records ' tamla label .
ca n't stop fallin ' into love is a song written by rick nielsen , robin zander and tom petersson , and recorded by american rock band cheap trick .
the current is a song by american rock band blue man group featuring british singer-songwriter gavin rossdale .
kids in america is a song written by marty wildericky wilde , and recorded by american country music artist kim wilde .
lover is a song by american singer jeanette from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
songs me back home is a song written and recorded by merle haggard and the strangers .
international lover is a song written by prince and produced by prince for his 1982 album october 27 , 1982 .
 beware of darkness is a song written by george harrison and phil spector , and recorded by harrison for his 1970 album all things must pass .
 barbara ann is a 1961 r b song by the regents on motown records ' tamla label .
jump is a song by american glam rock band van halen , released on december 21 , 1984 as the second single from their eighth studio album , 1984 .
hiding with boys is a song by english horror punk band creeper .
do n't need a gun is a song written and recorded by american country music artist billy idol .
do n't matter is a song performed by american recording artist akon .
something 's gone is a song performed by australian singer pandora .
whatever you want is a song by american rock band status quo .
 was ist das ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian singer lafee from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
bad blood is a song by neil sedaka and phil cody .
i like is a song by american singer shanice .
if only is a song by american singer-songwriter hanson .
blow ya mind is a song by american hip hop recording artist styles p , featuring rapper swizz beatz , from his debut album , super gangster ( extraordinary gentleman ) .
für dich ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter yvonne catterfeld .
sun come up is a song by american hip hop recording artist glasses malone , featuring vocals from american rapper t-pain birdman , from his debut album , beach cruiser ( 2009 ) .
pitty cake is a song by american recording artist kodak black from her third studio album , painting pictures ( 2017 ) .
run to you is a song recorded by american glam rock band roxette , credited to per gessle , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` do n't believe in accidents '' single on 14 november 1994 .
dear letzte stern is a song by overground that was first released on march 1 , 2004 .
jailhouse rock is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and performed by elvis presley .
sway on the horizon is a song by american indie rock band franz ferdinand , released as the lead single from the band 's debut studio album right thoughts ( 2014 ) .
wreck me is a song by american rock singer tom petty , written by petty with mike campbell and produced by ricky rubin .
lover do n't die is a song by american alternative rock band the fray .
nine in the afternoon is a song recorded by australian glam rock band panic at the disco .
better love next time is a song written by steve pippenlarry keithjohnny slate and recorded by american rock group dr. hook .
lover in vain is a song by robert johnson , first recorded as a b-side by johnson but better known in the a-side version by don law .
sun is shining is a song by australian progressive rock band axwell λ ingrosso .
in my memory is a song by english trance singer dj tiësto , featuring guest vocals from nicola hitchcock , from her second studio album in my memory ( 2002 ) .
all the years is a song by american rock band chicago .
treat me like a woman is a song recorded by american singer lisa stansfield .
my old man is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
oo baby baby is a hit song performed by the miracles on march 5 , 1965 .
 grace is a song by japanese cello metal band apocalyptica , featuring british singer-songwriter tomoyasu hotei .
miss you is a song by american rapper louis tomlinson from his third studio album , miss you ( 2017 ) .
hater is a song by american rock band korn .
sink me your money is a song by american thrash metalfunk metal band suicidal tendencies and is the lead track on their 1990 album lights ... camera .
sour suite is a song by the guess who that was first released on 4 september 1971 .
say something is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter great big world and christina aguilera for her debut studio album , is there anybody out there ? ( 2013 ) .
ch-check it ou is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
do n't worry ` bout me baby is a song written by deborah allen , bruce channel and kieran kane , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
the a team is a song by american singer-songwriter ed sheeran from her debut studio album , + ( 2011 ) .
the hands you 're holding now is a 1961 song written by marty robbins , new york and u.s. country music artist skeeter davis .
seven is a song by american country music artist david bowie .
what 's going on in your world is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait which hit no .
if that were me is a song by american singer melanie c .
vittring is a song by magnus uggla , included in the album vittring .
any with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jake owen .
dear love is a song by american singer and songwriter anita baker from her 1986 album rapture .
josie is a song by american singer-songwriter donovan .
little ways is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
target is a song recorded by japanese recording artist t-ara for her debut studio album , treasure box ( 2013 ) .
local rappers is a song by american recording artist reminisce , featuring rapper olamide phyno , from her debut studio album , baba hafusa ( 2015 ) .
all about i is a song by american rapper hoodie allen , featuring rapper ed sheeran , from her debut studio album people keep talking ( 2014 ) .
your woman is a song by american alternative dance-pop band white town .
 devils ba is a song by american jazz band double .
the power is a song by american hip hop recording artist public enemy , released as the lead single from his 1989 album fear of a black planet .
the horse is a hit song performed by r b group cliff nobles and company and written by jesse james .
on ca ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian alternative rock band kings of leon .
one true love is a song written by jamie o'hara and kieran kane , and recorded by american country music group the o'kanes .
i do n't wan na be a loser is a song written by ben raleigh and mark barkan , and performed by american teenage singer lesley gore .
lindy robbinsreed vertelney is a song written for her debut studio album , lemonade mouth ( 2011 ) .
battle cry is a song by american fantasy rock band imagine dragons released on june 2 , 2014 , as the second single from their eighth studio album , `` all for you '' .
it 's only love is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
this groove is a song by american singer victoria beckham from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
all you need is me is a song by american singer morrissey from her second studio album , greatest hits ( 2008 ) .
you and me is a song by english indie rock band one night only .
t tu amor ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer jon b. .
l 's straighten it ou is a song by benny latimore and is the lead track on his debut album , more more more latimore ( 1974 ) .
when we are together is a song recorded by texas for their 1999 album the hush .
st. ides heaven is a song by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .
from the inside is a song by american nu metal band linkin park from their second album , meteora ( 2002 ) .
dancee is a song by neil diamond , included in the album i 'm glad you 're here with me tonight .
songs of experience is a 1988 song by australian singer kylie minogue .
that was then but this is now is a song by australian glam rock band abc .
reach 4 me is a song recorded by american glam rock band en vogue .
give you up is a dance-pop song by american singer kylie minogue from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
i 'm goin ' in is a song by american rapper drake , featuring rapper lil wayne and young jeezy .
somew a voice is calling is a world war i era march song composed by eileen newton and arthur f. tate .
she 's the sun is a song by american scooter .
one is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from her debut studio album x .
pura donna is a song by american singer and songwriter uriah heep .
lazy burn is a song by american singer david bowie from her second studio album , heathen ( 2002 ) .
sambuca is a song released by wideboys in 2001 .
carly 's song is a song by australian new age band enigma .
crazy = genius is a song by american jazz band panic ! from their debut album , death of a bachelor ( 2015 ) .
what u do 2 me is a song by american electronic group boomkat .
i never felt like this before is a song written by narada michael waldenmike mani and california 1 , and performed by american singer mica paris .
kiss you goodbye is a song written by christian fasttim schouhenrik nordenback and recorded by british singer-songwriter anton hagman .
mama spank is a song written and recorded by american country music artist liz anderson .
this is for real is a song by american punk rock band motion city soundtrack .
t tabloid junkie is a song by american r b singer michael jackson , written by jackson with james harris iii and terry lewis and performed by jimmy jam .
every 's foo is a song by american nu metal band evanescence .
sway of heaven is a song co-written and recorded by craig campbell which hit no .
partytime is a song by american punk rock band 45 grave .
a year without rain is a dance-pop song by american singer selena gomez the scene .
being is a song by australian singer lali from her debut studio album a bailar ( 2014 ) .
i 'll wai ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american synth-pop group van halen .
more than that is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lauren jauregui for her eighth studio album , january 11 , 2019 ( 2019 ) .
the most unwanted song is a song by australian alternative rock band komar and melamid and performed by american duo dave soldier .
run-away is a song by english indie rock band super furry animals from their second album , hey venus !
songs of experience is a song by american garage rock band the black keys featured on their debut album , turn blue ( 2014 ) .
 river below is a song by american rock band billy talent , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
women is a song written by stevie wright and gorge young , and recorded by australian rock band the easybeats .
the stars is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her debut studio album , daydream ( 1996 ) .
loyal is a 1988 song by n , included in the album loyal .
it rig is a song recorded by american singer lisa stansfield , credited to rhett lawrencecrystal , and released as the lead single from her debut studio album beverly hills 90210 the college years .
 fate is a song by american singer chaka khan .
back home again in indiana is a world war i song by ballard macdonald and james f. hanley .
boys is a song by english singer britney spears from her second studio album , buritneyandaustin powers in goldmember soundtrack ( 2002 ) .
 me ... is a song recorded by english singer britney spears , featuring rapper g-eazy , from her debut studio album glory ( 2015 ) .
papa was a rollin ' stone is a song written by norman whitfield and barrett strong , and performed by the undisputed truth .
white foxes is a song by american singer-songwriter susanne sundfør from her debut studio album the silicone veil ( 2012 ) .
si j' avais au moins ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her debut studio album , point de suture ( 2008 ) .
old flame is a song written by reed nielsen , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .
starships is a song by american recording artist nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2012 ) .
best of order is a song by american country music artist david sneddon .
 funky cold medina is a 1989 song by american hip hop recording artist tone lōc .
lazy is a song by american singer britney spears from her debut studio album , glory ( 2015 ) .
you 'll always be loved by me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
basket case is a song by american punk rock band green day .
lazy misery is a song by american electronic group linkin park from their debut album , living things ( 2011 ) .
weightless is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter natasha bedingfield , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , strip me away ( 2010 ) .
all the way home is a song by american singer tamar braxton from her debut studio album , love and war ( 2013 ) .
shallow be thy game is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers featured on their 1996 album one hot minute .
t'es pas cap pinocchio ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by american singer-songwriter pin-occhio .
big part of me is a song by american soft rock band ambrosia .
side effects is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her debut studio album , e = mc ² ( 2007 ) .
your love shines throug is a song written by wayland holyfield and gary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
party in the u.s is a song recorded by american singer miley cyrus .
the jukebox keep on playing is a song written and recorded by american country music artist carl perkins .
drop is a song by american rapper timbaland magoo , featuring rapper fatman scoop , from his second studio album , indecent proposal ( 2000 ) .
it up is a song by american singer gwen stefani from her second studio album , the sweet escape ( 2006 ) .
cried all the way home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jamie warren .
bigmouth strikes again is a song by american glam rock band the smiths featured on their 1986 album the queen is dead .
t tease me is a song by american recording artist 3t .
black barbies is a song by american recording artist nicki minaj and mike will made it .
fight song is a song by american singer rachel platten from her debut studio album , fight song ( 2015 ) .
kiss this is a song by american rock band the struts featured on their debut album everybody wants ( 2014 ) .
wreck is a song by american singer gwen stefani from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
hvana affair is a song by american punk rock band ramones and is the lead track on their 1976 album ramones .
your mother 's got a penis is a song by american hip hop recording artist goldie lookin ' chain .
 'til you cry is a song written by steve bogard and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
if you think you know how to love me is a song by english glam rock band smokie .
it wrong is a song written by warner macpherson , and recorded by american country music artist sonny james .
too close is a song by american singer alex clare from her debut studio album , the lateness of the hour ( 2011 ) .
songs is a song by american alternative rock band sum 41 , released on february 22 , 2005 as the third single from their tenth studio album , chuck ( 2004 ) .
better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones , featuring rapper jermaine dupri , from her second studio album , journey of a gemini ( 2005 ) .
all night is a song by american recording artist girls ' generation from their third studio album , holiday night ( 2017 ) .
wan na know is a song by american hip hop artist meek mill .
baby ai n't that fine is a song written by dallas frazier and gene pitney , and recorded by american country music artist melba montgomery and ricky nelson .
so no is a song recorded by american rock band bring me the horizon , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter oliver sykes .
do n't let him go is a song by american rock band reo speedwagon .
better use your head is a song by little anthony the imperials and is the lead track on their 1976 album `` gon na fix you good '' .
nothing could come between us is a song by american alternative rock band theory of a deadman .
broken hearted savior is a song by american rock band big head todd and the monsters .
 ( not just ) knee deep is a song by funkadelic on motown records ' tamla label .
that 's how country boys ro is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .
the best man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blaine larsen .
 wrapping paper is a song by american jazz band cream .
angel is a song by taher shah from her debut studio album , englishurdu ( 2015 ) .
 mayhem is a song by english singer imelda may from her debut studio album , mayhem ( 2010 ) .
in my mind is a song by english duo ivan gough and feenixpawl from their debut album , until now ( 2012 ) .
pilot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent from her debut studio album , animal ambition ( 2014 ) .
 texas in 1880 was a song written by radney foster and bill lloyd , and recorded by foster lloyd .
 johnny and mary is a song by english musician robert palmer written by palmer with mary .
my mistake is a song by split enz that was first released on 7/12 1977 .
you got the love is a song by rufus that was first released on october 19 , 1974 .
babe is a song by american hard rock band styx .
living is a song by american singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her debut studio album , head first ( 2010 ) .
that is a song by american hip hop recording artist fabolous and featuring rapper big sean .
i feel a song is a song by american singer gladys knight the pips and written by tony camillo and mary sawyer .
 heartbeat is a dance-pop song by richard orlinski and eva simons .
one love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carlene carter .
today clancy ca n't even sing is a song written by neil young , and recorded by american country music artist buffalo springfield .
turn on the nig is a song recorded by american rock band kiss .
dear revelation song is a song by american contemporary worship music band phillips , craig and dean .
quickie is a song by miguel from his debut studio album all i want is you .
caron on is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer and giorgio moroder .
 honky tonk stomp is a song written by ronnie dunnterry mcbride and bobbie gibbons , and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
stargazer is a song by american alternative rock band siouxsie and the banshees .
slide away is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1994 album definitely maybe .
liverpool revisited is a song by english rock band manic street preachers released on 6 april 2018 , as the lead single from their eighth studio album , resistance is futile .
drum is a song by american drum and bass band mø .
a memory like i 'm gon na be is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
me & my microphone is a song recorded by australian eurodance band september , released as the third single from their debut studio album , love cpr .
map of the world is a song by american singer-songwriter jane siberry .
dear brew is a song by american rock band cream , featured on their 1967 album disraeli gears .
you can call me a is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
candy girl is a song written by maurice starrmichael jonzun and warlock , and recorded by american teenage singer candy girl .
runaways is a song by eclipse that was released on 28 february 2016 .
 movin ' on is a song by american r bsoul singer cece peniston , featuring guest vocals from american singer suga t.
always is a song by english singer-songwriter mk , featuring vocals from american singer alana .
lazy nas down is a song by american rapper jermaine cole from his debut studio album , born sinner ( 2013 ) .
little things is a song by american hard rock band bush .
now that we 're alone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney crowell .
monkey man is a 1969 song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1969 album let it bleed .
la mama ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group kendji girac .
in the end is a song by english hip hop band linkin park .
polaroid is a song recorded by jonas blue , liam payne and lennon stella and released as the third single from his third studio album blue ( 2018 ) .
shoplifters of the world unite is a song by english alternative rock band the smiths featured on their 1986 album louder than bombs .
damage is a song by jimmy eat world from their debut album , damage ( 2013 ) .
lover down your guard is a song recorded by american singer madonna .
the days of the phoenix is a song by american singer afi .
pale horses is a song by american hip hop artist moby .
 enid is a song by barenaked ladies and is the lead track on their 1992 album gordon .
an dream is a song written by rodney crowell and bob edwards , and recorded by american country music group the dirt band .
i count on you is a song written by terry mcbride , bill carter and ruth ellsworth , and recorded by american country music artist mc bride the ride .
in the heart of a woman is a song written by keith hintonbrett cartwright , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .
i told you so is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist randy travis which hit no .
darin is a song by american electronic group darin .
i 'll be seeing you is a world war i song composed by irving kahal and performed by sammy fain .
l 's take the long way around the world is a song written by archie jordan and naomi martin , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
half of my hear is a song by american singer john mayer , featuring rapper taylor swift , from his debut studio album , battle studies ( 2010 ) .
run-around is a song by blues traveler that was first released on february 28 , 1995 .
one love is a song by american hip hop recording artist nas , featuring rapper q-tip , from his 1994 album illmatic .
three chords and the truth is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer sara evans .
 ballad of the mighty i is a song by american singer-songwriter noel gallagher from his debut studio album , chasing yesterday ( 2015 ) .
se me va la voz ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer alejandro fernández released on october 5 , 2009 , as the first single off his eighth studio album dos mundos evolucion .
the nameless is a song by american rock band slipknot .
living is a song by american hip hop band the black eyed peas featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2009 in music ) .
that i can say is a song by american singer mary j. blige .
juliet is a song by english singer-songwriter robin gibb .
headful of ghosts is a song by american rock band bush .
all night with me is a song written by chris montan and recorded by american singer laura branigan .
start a fire is a song recorded by australian singer margaret for her debut studio album , add the blonde ( 2014 ) .
sway your eyes is a song by american rock band maroon 5 from their debut album , overexposed ( 2012 ) .
 hoedown throwdown is a song written by adam andersnikki hassman , and recorded by american country music artist miley cyrus .
ca n't nobody is a song recorded by japanese recording artist 2ne1 for her debut studio album , to anyone ( 2010 ) .
stess louis blues is a world war i song by w. c. handy .
another sad love song is a song by american singer toni braxton .
la vie par procuration ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by jean-jacques goldman and marc lumbroso .
sway away from love is a song written by charles kipps and van mccoy , and recorded by american r b singer david ruffin .
bangla desh ( this is it ) is a gospel song by george harrison and phil spector and was first released as a b-side on 28 july 1971 .
yes is a song by english drum and bass band coldplay from their sixth studio album viva la vida or death and all his friends .
danny do n't you know is a song recorded by american rock band ninja sex party .
do n't make 'em like that anymore is a song written by chris farren and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music artist boy howdy .
 girl , you 'll be a woman soon is a song written by neil diamond and ellie greenwich .
thank for leaving is a song by american singer alexandra stan from her debut studio album unlocked ( 2014 ) .
lover lies is a song recorded by american singer khalid and normani for their third studio album , love , simon ( 2018 ) .
i ca n't let go is a song written by chip taylor and al gorgoni , and recorded by the hollies .
 sweet dreams is a song by english electronic group eurythmics featured on their debut album sweet dreams ( 1982 ) .
in my blood is a song by american record producer the veronicas .
dance addicted is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
it 's no secre is a 1988 song by australian singer kylie minogue .
you baby is a song and single written by p. f. sloan steve barri and howe and performed by american rock band the turtles .
hey nineteen is a song by steely dan and is the lead track on their debut album gaucho ( 1980 ) .
break the chain is a song by japanese alternative rock band tourbillon .
s psychotic reaction is a song by american garage rock band count five and is the lead track on their debut album , psychotic reaction ( 1966 ) .
defying gravity is a song written by stephen schwartz and kristin chenoweth , and performed by american singer-songwriter idina menzel and guest vocals from american duo wicked .
do n't look now is a song written by john fogerty , and recorded by american country music artist creedence clearwater revival .
dear my love is a hit song performed by r b group the teen queens and written by maxwell davis and aaron collins , and performed by american teenage singers eddie my love .
dance wit ' me is a song by american ricky james , first released as a b-side on april 22 , 1982 .
it do n't matter to me is a 1970 song by the american rock band bread .
wake up is a song by american singer hilary duff from her second studio album , most wanted ( 2005 ) .
i sarà ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by cristiano minellono and dario farina 1 and performed by al bano and romina power .
in every dream home a heartache is a song by english glam rock band roxy music .
 me is a song by british singer-songwriter le click .
saborosa ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer buraka som sistema , featuring rapper dj znobia , from her debut studio album , black diamond ( 2009 ) .
save is a song by american recording artist ty dolla sign , featuring rapper e-40 , from her debut album free tc ( 2015 ) .
do you come fro is a song written by ruth bachelorbob roberts and performed by elvis presley .
all your reasons is a song by american rock band matchbox twenty , released as the lead single from their third studio album exile on mainstream .
longfellow serenade ( english : `` today is sundade '' ) is a song written and performed by neil diamond .
laying me low is a song by american singer-songwriter david cook from his debut studio album , digital vein ( 2013 ) .
 texas is a song written by ed bruce , patsy bruce and bobby borchers , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
morning star is a song by american hip hop recording artist n-dubz from her debut ep love ( 2011 ) .
 empty spaces is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 30 november 1979 .
toss ya head back is a song recorded by nelly and christina aguilera for their second studio album , sweat ( 2004 ) .
 gaby oh gaby is a song by british new wave singer alain bashung and is the lead track on his debut album roulette russeandpizza ( 1980 ) .
i just ca n't wait to be king is a song written for the brandon lee movie lion king produced by elton john and rowan atkinson and performed by american singer-songwriter jason weaver .
wait for the night is a song recorded by american singer nelly furtado , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album , the spirit indestructible ( 2012 ) .
 megamix is a 1990 song by technotronic that was first released as a b-side to the album trip on this the remixes .
magic is a song by english drum and bass band coldplay from their debut studio album , ghost stories ( 2014 ) .
here comes the freedom train is a song written by stephen haggard and the strangers and recorded by american country music group merle .
saying sorry is a song by american glam rock band hawthorne heights from their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
dear your eyes is a song by american hip hop recording artist the streets from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
my boyfriend 's back is a song written by bob feldman jerry goldstein and richard gottehrer and performed by the angels .
dear thee well love is a song written by jimmy rankin and carson irschick , and recorded by american country music group the rankin family .
if i walk away is a song by american singer-songwriter josh groban .
it 's all up to you is a song by jim capaldi that was first released on 4 september 1974 .
tearrop is a song by english hip hop band massive attack from their second album mezzanine .
thank god for believers is a song written by mark alan springer , roger springer and tim johnson , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
one last time is a dance-pop song by american singer ariana grande from grande 's debut studio album , my everything ( 2015 ) .
blowin ' in the wind is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
take me away is a song by american alternative rock band lifehouse .
ditmas is a song by english indie rock band mumford sons from their debut album , wilder mind ( 2015 ) .
flesh into gear is a song by american rock band cky .
ca ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist daddy yankee , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter snow .
in a shanty in old shanty town is a song written by ira schuster , jack little and joe young , and performed by ted lewis and his band .
something to write home about is a song co-written and recorded by craig morgan which hit no .
 universe is a song recorded by japanese recording artist exo for her eighth studio album universe ( 2017 ) .
the great pretender is a r b song by the platters and is a b-side to their `` i 'm just a dancing partner '' single on november 3 , 1955 .
then they do is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
my block is a song performed by american recording artist scarface .
my friends over you is a song by american rock band new found glory .
 ya twis is a 1961 r b song by british singer-songwriter lee dorsey .
 oui , oui, oui and oui ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by france .
sway me , thrill me , kiss me and is a song written by harry noble and karen chandler .
the rocker is a song written by phil lynott , brian downey and eric bell and recorded by american rock band thin lizzy .
the letter is a song written by wayne carson , memphis and tennessee and performed by american r b group the box tops .
done for me is a song recorded by american singer charlie puth , featuring rapper kehlani , from her third studio album , voicenotes ( 2018 ) .
s spider woman is a song by american singer uriah heep .
sky full of song is a song by english glam rock band florence and the machine .
sippin ' on fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line .
lucky one is a song recorded by japanese recording artist exo for her eighth studio album ex ` act ( 2015 ) .
hook on hooks is a song by skyhooks featured on their debut album , smut ( 1982 ) .
to say goodbye is a song by the american alternative rock band placebo .
 intruder is a song by american singer-songwriter peter gabriel .
cañ sin cara ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group prince royce .
another suitcase in another ha is a song written by tim riceandrew lloyd webber , and recorded by american singer barbara dickson .
toi + moi ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by grégoire from her debut studio album , toi + mi ( 2008 ) .
 jingle jangle is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim , and recorded by american rock band the archies .
 and so to sleep again is a song and single written by joe marsala and sunny skylar and performed by american teenage singer patti page .
the closer i get to you is a song by american singer roberta flack and r b group donny hathaway .
long walk is a song performed by american singer jill scott .
the class of ' 57 is a song written by don reid and harold reid , and recorded by american country music artists the statler brothers .
my trigger is a song recorded by american singer miike snow , it was released as the third single from her third studio album iii :
g.l.d is a song by american recording artist kim appleby .
call ou is a song by american alternative rock band feeder .
lighters is a song by english singer gabz .
wish is a dance-pop song by american singer natalie imbruglia from her debut studio album , come to life ( 2009 ) .
tent seventeen is a song by american alternative rock band jet .
catwalk is a song by soul 'd out and shinnnosuke .
killer is a song by the american rock band kiss .
las vegas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by tim larsson , tobias lundgren and johan fransson and recorded by american singer-songwriter martin stenmarck .
insatiable is a 1991 r b song by american singer prince and the new power generation .
sofia ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer álvaro soler from his eighth studio album eterno agosto ( 2016 ) .
lover 's made a fool of you is a song written by buddy holly and bob montgomery 1 , and recorded by american rock band the crickets .
self control is a song by italo disco 1 2 , and the main theme song from the giance film raf .
cold blooded is a song by american ricky james , included in the album cold blooded .
in ' stronger every day is a song recorded by american rock band chicago .
bridge of light is a song recorded by the american singer-songwriter pink .
hit n run is a dance-pop song by american electronic group monrose , released as the second single from their third studio album i am .
i wan na ) love my life away is a 1961 r b song written by gene pitney and aaron schroeder .
there is a song written by gloria shayne and jack keller , and recorded by american country music artist andy williams .
m is a song recorded by japanese singer ayumi hamasaki .
 alone in my room is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ami suzuki for her eighth studio album , sa ( 1998 ) .
living in sin is a song by american rock group bon jovi .
too much , too little , too late is a hit song performed by johnny mathis and deniece williams and written by john vallins and nat kipner .
do n't tell me nonsense is a song by d'banj from his debut album d'kings men ( 2013 ) .
hero of war is a song recorded by american country music band rise against , released as the lead single from their debut album , appeal to reason ( 2009 ) .
saturday night 's alright for fighting is a song by english glam rock singer elton john , written by johnbernie taupin and france and produced by gus dudgeon .
holly is a song written by craig smith and andy williams .
 cherry red is a song by british singer-songwriter bee gees written by barry gibb and performed by gees .
i 'd be ) a legend in my time is a song written by don gibson , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
the poor people of paris is a song composed by marguerite monnot and performed by group les baxter his orchestra .
 thunder and lightning is a hit song by chi coltrane and is the lead track on his debut album , chi colrane 's debut album ( 1972 ) .
 friends turbo is a song by american scooter that was released on 15 april 2011 .
we 're not gon na sleep tonig ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer emma bunton .
sway on water is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
pluto ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by british electronic artist björk .
s slang is a song by english rock band def leppard that was first released on may 1996 .
 ragga bomb is a song by american drum and bass artist skrillex from his debut studio album , recess ( 2014 ) .
tough as a pickup truck is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
flower is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her debut studio album , the abbey road sessions ( 2012 ) .
beer ago is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist keith .
every time i hear that song is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton .
do n't you love me is a song recorded by american recording artist eternal .
 thriller is a song by american r b singer michael jackson , written by rod temperton and carson california and recorded by jackson for his debut album , thriller ( 1984 ) .
this is the house is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band eurythmics .
you run away is a song by american alternative rock band barenaked ladies and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
early in the morning and late at nig is a song written by troy seals , frank j. myers and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
it 's still rock and roll to me is a song written and recorded by american country music artist billy joel .
my gir is a song by american hip hop recording artist peter andre , featuring rapper bubbler ranx , from their 1996 album naturalandthe long road back .
baby i love you is a hit song performed by ronnie shannon and written by shannon with jerry wexler .
 enchanted is a song written by buck ram and recorded by american r b band the platters .
u make me wan na ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper jadakiss from her debut album , kiss of death ( 2004 ) .
 helter skelter is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
the world is mine is a song by american recording artist ice cube .
my love is for rea is a song by singer paula abdul from her debut studio album , head over heels ( 1995 ) .
baby take me in your arms is a song written by tony macaulay and john macleod , and recorded by american country music artist jefferson .
 casual sex is a song by american hard rock band my darkest days .
drive by you is a song by american singer-songwriter brian may .
three pistols is a song by the tragically hip featured on their 1991 album road apples .
fall of my life is a song written by bobby goldsboro and recorded by american country music artist goldsbie .
nevermore is a song recorded by japanese singer utada hikaru for her eighth studio album , hatsukoi ( 2017 ) .
i hate myself and want to die is a song by american hard rock band nirvana .
rebirthing is a song by the american rock band skillet .
sway me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist k. oslin which hit no .
home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
walkin ' in the sunshine is a song written by kostasjeff hanna , and recorded by american country music artist farmer 's daughter .
the night you murdered love is a song by american recording artist abc .
crazy in love is a song by american rapper beyoncé from her debut studio album , dangerously in love ( 2002 ) .
the waltz of the wind is a song written by fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
only superstition is a 1999 song by english alternative rock band coldplay .
flying easy loving crazy is a song recorded by japanese recording artist toshinobu kubota for her seventh studio album , timeless fly ( 2008 ) , featuring guest vocals from misia .
candy is a 1990 song by iggy pop .
s souvenir is a song by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark that was first released on 4 august 1981 .
outrage is a song by english singer britney spears from her second studio album , in the zone ( 2004 ) .
moses is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , coldplay live 2003 .
the pleasure seekers is a song by american new wave and dance-pop band the system .
if we are the body is a song by english rock band casting crowns that was released on july 26 , 2003 .
sink is a song by american singer mary j. blige from her debut studio album , think like a man too ( 2014 ) .
this is nigeria is a song by american hip hop artist falz from her third studio album , falz ( 2018 ) .
sure know something is a song by american disco rock band kiss .
what these bitches wan is a song by american recording artist dmx , released as the second single from her second studio album , ... and then there was x .
same love is a song by american rapper macklemore ryan lewis from his debut album , the heist ( 2012 ) .
child is a 1988 song by american singer rebbie jackson , included in the album r u tuff enuff .
 sleeping is a dance-pop song by american singer rick astley .
just give me a reason is a song by american singer pink , featuring rapper nate ruess , from her debut studio album the truth about love ( 2013 ) .
you made a rock of a rolling stone is a song written by kix brooks and chris waters , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
dream me is a song by american singer-songwriter newton faulkner .
sway your mind is a song by american musician sharpe numan .
manboy is a song written by fredrik kempepeter boström and recorded by american singer eric saade .
 halloween is a song by american rock group dave matthews band .
lowdown is a song by american rock band chicago .
i 'd be lying is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
edge of the universe is a song by american blues rock band bee gees featured on their 1975 album main course .
wear and tearing is a song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin featured on their 1982 album coda .
two piña coladas is a song written by shawn campbenita hillsandy mason , and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .
do n't lose my number is a song written by phil collins and hugh padgham .
 ( at your best ) you are love is a song written by ernie isleymarvin isley and carson jasper , and recorded by american rock band the isley brothers .
the blame is a song written by cactus moser , paul nelson and gene nelson , and recorded by american country music group highway 101 .
 silence is golden is a song and single written by bob crewebob gaudio 1 and performed by the four seasons .
dance girls is a song by american singer nik kershaw .
broken heart can mend is a song by american r b singer alexander o'neal .
 obsession is a song by american singer sky ferreira .
 hurry home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jason michael carroll .
i do n't want this night to end is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan for his debut studio album tailgates tanlines ( 2011 ) .
dear is a song by eyes set to kill , released as the third single from their seventh studio album , reach ( 2008 ) .
my destiny is a song by american singer lionel richie .
livingin ' right ( you 're not from texas ) is a 1989 r b song by american singer glenn frey .
dear in love is a song recorded by american rapper beyoncé , featuring rapper jay z , from her debut studio album , beyoncer ( 2013 ) .
letters is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her second studio album , deep river ( 2002 ) .
 heaven sent is a song by american hip hop recording artist esthero .
all the stars is a song by american rappers kendrick lamar and sza .
left hand free is a song by american indie rock band alt-j .
coming with you is a song by american electronic group ne-yo .
thursday is a song recorded by american singer jess glynne from her third studio album always in between ( 2018 ) .
wrapped up is a song by american singer olly murs from her debut studio album , never been better ( 2014 ) .
touch me when we 're dancing is a song written by ken bell , terry skinner and j. wallace , and recorded by american country music band carpenters .
baby , hold me close is a song written by jerry lee lewis andbob tubert , and recorded by american country music artist jerry sewis .
i got 5 on i is a song by american hip hop recording artist luniz , featuring rapper michael marshall , from his debut album , operation stackola ( 1995 ) .
 comeback kid is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group the band perry .
jukebox in my mind is a song written by dave gibson and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music alabama .
doings ten years time ago is a song by english glam rock band the yardbirds featured on their 1966 album `` psycho daisies '' .
do fort worth ever cross your mind is a song written by sanger d. shafer and darlene shafer , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
 sweet and lovely is a world war i song written by gus arnheim , charles nelson and perry and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter tobias .
vox humana is a song by american musician kenny loggins .
 raging fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist phillip phillips .
 razzmatazz is a song by english glam rock band pulp .
dance with me is a song recorded by american eurodance artist dj bobo .
shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx ( onyx ) .
ing hand is a song by the american hard rock band the screaming jets featured on their 1992 album , tear of thought .
scandinavian skies is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel written by joel and produced by phil ramone .
laying down my pride is a song by american christian rock band jeremy camp .
shower is a song by american rapper becky g .
take me home is a song by american glam rock band cher , released as the second single from their 1979 album , take me home .
had enough is a song by english symphonic rock band the who .
bridges is a song by english indie rock band broods from their debut album broods ( 2014 ) .
i love you so much it hurts is a world war i song by floyd tillman .
no time is a song by american rock band mondo rock .
look at your game , gir is a 1970 song by charles manson .
there is power in a union is a world war i song composed by lewis e. jones and composed by joe hill .
shake is a song by american singer kelis from her second studio album , tasty ( 2002 ) .
 freelove is a song by english drum and bass band depeche mode .
i got your love is a dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
berezerk is a song by american rapper eminem from her debut studio album , marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .
horse outside is a song by american hip hop recording artist the rubberbandits from their debut album , serious about men ( 2010 ) .
my first taste of texas is a song written by ed bruce and ronnie rogers .
dance highway is a song written by john mcfee and kurt howell , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
lover train is a 1989 song recorded by american singer holly johnson .
easy come , easy go is a song written by ben weisman and sid wayne , and recorded by elvis presley .
new thing is a song by american electronic group rye rye from her debut studio album , go ! ( 2011 ) .
the rush comes is a song by the american hard rock band motorcycle .
do n't cry is a song written by tom douglassteve seskin , and recorded by american country music artist tim mcgraw .
the promise is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band when in rome .
dance is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their debut album , ghost stories ( 2014 ) .
dear eyes is a song by american glam rock band penny mclean , first released as a b-side on 1976 .
you 're all i wan na do is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
c'est la vie ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english drum and bass band stereophonics from their debut album keep the village alive .
lover is a camera is a song recorded by american singer sophie ellis-bextor , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album wanderlust ( 2014 ) .
dna ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american recording artist empire of the sun from her debut studio album , ice on the dune ( 2013 ) .
living doll is a 1959 song by english rock and roll band cliff richard and the drifters .
 chocolate cake is a 1989 song by neil finn and tim finn , included in the album woodface .
take it off is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe nichols .
s misled is a song by american recording artist kool the gang featured on their debut album , emergency ( 1984 ) .
country boy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .
when i found you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jasmine rae .
lover 's the only drug is a song by american rapper ultra naté from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
live it up is a 1953 r b song first recorded by american country music artist bill haley and his comets .
till you come back to me is a hit song performed by r b singer aretha franklin and written by broadnax , clarence paul and stevie wonder .
 rat is dead is a song by mexican pop group css .
no one is a song written for the 2005 animated musical fantasy film into the rushandice princess produced by japanese singer aly aj .
black country rock is a 1970 song by american country music artist david bowie .
lotta love is a song by english rock band led zeppelin .
 inhibitions is a song by american disco-pop band alcazar .
there be love is a song by american glam rock band simple minds , released as the lead single from their 1991 album real life .
kým nás máš ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by american singer marcel palonder .
 andré previn is a 1959 r b song by american jazz artist jerome kern .
 no hay ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer ivy queen from her debut studio album , musa ( 2014 ) .
music gets the best of me is a song by american singer sophie ellis-bextor from her second studio album , read my lips ( 2002 ) .
 moonshadow road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown which hit no .
 smile in a whisper is a 1988 song by the american rock band fairground attraction .
punch and judy is a song by english rock band marillion featured on their debut album fugazi ( 1984 ) .
 ant rap is a song by american hip hop band adam and the ants featured on their 1981 album prince charming .
church bells is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood for her fifth studio album , storyteller ( 2015 ) .
the duke ellington songbook , vol. i is a song by sarah vaughan and is the lead track on her debut album , 1979 .
caught out there is a 1999 song by australian singer kelis .
britier cardi is a song by american recording artist cardi b from her third studio album , invasion of privacy ( 2017 ) .
angel is a song by american glam rock band lo-tel , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 2003 ) .
i ever wanted is a song by ram and linda dee shayne , and the main theme song from their 1998 album the prince of egypt .
chihuahua ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by british eurodance artist dj bobo .
 america is a song for america by america .
troubleven is a song by american recording artist artful dodger released on 17 september 2001 , as the lead single from her sixth studio album all hits .
million dollar view is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins which hit november 19 , 2011 .
 na nana na na ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist jim jones from his debut studio album pray iv reign ( 2009 ) .
pinkmint twis is a 1961 r b song written by joey dee and henry glover , and performed by american teenage rock and roll band the starliters .
friend of the devi is a song by the american country music band grateful dead and is the lead track on their 1970 album american beauty .
come on is a song by american rock band the jesus and mary chain .
my woman is a song by the easybeats featured on their debut album , `` say that you 're mine '' ( 1965 ) .
lala song is a song by american hip hop recording artist bob sinclar released on 3 april 2009 , as the third single from his debut studio album , born in 69 .
daddy 's money is a song written by bob dipieromark d. and steve seskin , and recorded by american country music band ricochet .
sink on is a song by american rock group yes .
tear delicate is a song by american pop group des ` ree .
sway today is a song by american alternative rock band alter bridge from their sixth album , blackbird ( 2007 ) .
turn-down day is a song written by jerry keller and david blume , and recorded by american rock band the cyrkle .
sway on is a 1999 song by american r b singer moby .
this time is a song written by chips moman , and performed by american country music artist thomas wayne .
right here , right now is a 1990 song by american singer-songwriter jesus jones .
please to be cheerful , part 3 is a song by american funk band ian dury the blockheads and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1979 in music ) .
from the beginning is a song by american rock and roll band emerson , lake palmer and is the lead track on their 1972 album trilogy .
family affair is a dance-pop song by american singer mary j. blige .
slow it down is a song recorded by english rock band east 17 , credited to tony mortimer , and released as the b-side to their debut album walthamstow .
sway is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday ( 2011 ) .
hard times is a song by american new wavepop band paramore .
readymade is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers from their second album , stadium arcadium ( 2006 ) .
bandage is a song recorded by japanese alternative rock band lands .
heartbreaker is a song by american hard rock band pat benatar , written by geoff gillcliff wade and composed by wade with mca whitney .
the trip is a song by american singer and songwriter donovan .
the blue horizon is a world war i song written by franke harling and richard a. whiting , and performed by american singer jeanette macdonald .
you better pray is a song by american rock band the red jumpsuit apparatus .
almost home is a song co-written and recorded by craig morgan which hit november 4 , 2002 .
brontosaurus is a 1970 song by the american rock band the move .
white america is a song by american hip hop artist eminem .
s sly is a song by the american glam rock band the cat empire , released as the second single from their second studio album two shoes .
it 's a loving thing is a song by english eurodancehouse singer cb milton .
alpha is a song by american rapper kollegah from her debut studio album , king ( 2014 ) .
one million kisses is a song written by kevin murphy jeffrey osborne 1 and recorded by american rufus .
das armas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter cidinho doca .
modern day cowboy is a song by american rock band tesla .
big man is a song by english drum and bass band chase status , featuring british singer-songwriter liam bailey .
head over heels is a song by american hip hop recording artist allure , featuring rapper nas .
pretty blue eyes is a song written by teddy randazzo bobby weinstein and don costa 2 , and performed by steve lawrence .
she wi ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper lil wayne from her debut studio album , tha carter iv ( 2011 ) .
ska ( stylized as `` osca '' ) is a song by japanese alternative rock band tokyo jihen from her sixth studio album variety ( 2007 ) .
control is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album , control ( 1986 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american hard rock band triumph , released as the lead single from their debut album , thunder seven ( 1984 ) .
never is a song by american singer macy gray from her debut studio album , the sellout ( 2010 ) .
always tomorrow is a song recorded by american singer gloria estefan .
i ca n't live with you is a song recorded by american glam rock band queen .
 faded is a song by australian record producer zhu from her debut studio album , the nightday ( 2014 ) .
ride the wind is a song by the american glam rock band poison .
baby talk is a 1959 r b song by jan and dean and is the lead track on their debut album the jan dean sound .
chinese democracy is a song by australian hard rock band guns n ' roses featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
you ready now is a song recorded by american singer gary barlow .
the bird of paradise fly up your nose is a song written by neal merritt , and recorded by american country music artist little jimmy dickens .
pepys ' diary is a 1961 song written by benny hill and tony hatch .
messiah is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
swaylust is a song by american singer the weeknd from her debut studio album , kiss land ( 2013 ) .
this is gospe is a song by american alternative rock band panic ! , released as the third single from their debut ep , too weird to live , too rare to die .
the worst is a song by american hip hop recording artists onyx and wu-tang clan .
two less lonely people in the world is a song written by howard greenfield and ken hirsch , and recorded by american hard rock band air supply .
my father 's eyes is a song by american musician eric clapton .
shut up and dance is a song by american rock band aerosmith .
wandering eyes is a song written by jamie o'hara , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
 eagles fly is a song by american singer sammy hagar .
it 's wonderfu ( `` of course '' ) is a song by the young rascals featured on their 1967 album once upon a dream .
tatt is a song by van halen from their debut album , a different kind of truth ( 2012 ) .
fallé ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by christian nodal released on june 30 , 2017 , as the first single off his eighth studio album me dejé llevar .
i do n't think i wi is a song written by doug johnson , and recorded by american country music artist james bonamy .
smoke & mirrors is a song by american singer paloma faith from her debut studio album do you want the truth or something beautiful ( 2010 ) .
without you is a 1989 song by english glam rock band mötley crüe .
i am who i am is a song by english singer-songwriter lara fabian .
wrecking into you is a song by american indie rock band vance joy , released as the lead single from their third studio album , crashing into you ( 2018 ) .
cop killer is a song by american thrash metal band body count that was first released on 1992 .
i 've had it is a song written by carl bonura and ray ceroni , and performed by the bell notes .
night spots is a song by american hard rock band the cars featured on their 1979 album candy-o .
joining you is a song by english singer alanis morissette from her 1999 album supposed former infatuation junkie .
beaut of the ride is a song by american indie rock band sebadoh .
 mirage is a song and single written by ritchie cordell and the shondells and performed by american rock band tommy james and the band .
remember me is a song by the american rock band journey .
you give good love is a song by american singer whitney houston .
 cocktails for two is a world war i song written by arthur johnston and sam coslow , and performed by american r b singer carl brisson .
i n't new ta this is a song performed by american recording artist ice-t .
warrior is a song by american electronic group amber bondin , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , eurovision song contest 2015 .
pale shelter is a song by american glam rock band tears for fears .
i guess the lord must be in new york is a 1970 song by harry nilsson , included in the album harry .
splay guitar play is a song written by conway twitty , and recorded by american country music artist conway tennessee .
i 'll be alright is a song by the greek new wave and synth-pop band passion pit , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , gossamer ( 2012 ) .
 victim is a song by sevi from their debut studio album what lies beyond .
gold retriever is a song by american glam rock band super furry animals from their second album , phantom power ( 2002 ) .
lift me up is a song by american recording artist moby .
like a man is a song by english recording artist onhel , featuring rapper lil wayne , from her third studio album , august 8 , 2017 .
flying high is a song by american recording artist chipmunk from his debut studio album , transition ( 2010 ) .
automatic is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her eighth studio album , first love ( 1998 ) .
the way i am is a song by english indie rock singer ingrid michaelson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
britweet bundle of misery is a song by english singer graham coxon from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
it 's on again is a song recorded by american singer alicia keys , featuring rapper kendrick lamar , from her debut studio album the amazing spider-man 2 ( 2014 ) .
in this diary is a song by the american rock band the ataris .
miss you in a heartbea is a song by american rock group def leppard .
the day before i met you is a song recorded by american singer jessica mauboy for her debut studio album , beautiful platinum edition ( 2015 ) .
the dark of the matinée is a song by american indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
mother goose is a song by english singer-songwriter jethro tull which was first released on 19 march 1971 .
sway ho is a song recorded by american singer monica .
stinction is a song by spandau ballet and is the lead track on their debut album , diamond ( 1982 ) .
lazy lie is a song recorded by american singer jennifer paige , featuring rapper nici carter , from her debut studio album best kept secret ( 2009 ) .
please me know is a song recorded by japanese recording artist towa tei , featuring guest vocals from american recording artist chara .
she 's my kind of girl is a song written by benny anderssonbjörn ulvaeus and recorded by björn benny .
it 's alright is a song by american electronic group eurythmics .
that ol' wind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
lazy boy is a song by american garage rock band the black keys featured on their debut album el camino ( 2011 ) .
lady alpine blue is a song by russia and is the main theme song of the upcoming world war i film mumiy troll .
do n't mess with doctor drea is a song written by tom bailey , alannah currie and joe leeway and recorded by english glam rock band thompson twins and released as a single on 19 august 1985 .
welcome to new york is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift from her debut studio album , 1989 .
hounds of love is a song by australian singer kate bush .
nobody else is a song by american rapper anthony hamilton from his 1996 album xtc .
d is a song by the beautiful south from their 1992 album 0898 beautiful south .
never yours is a song by the german eurovision song band 2 unlimited , released as the lead single from their 1991 album , get ready ! .
no social media is a song by american rapper wiz khalifa from her debut studio album , snoop dogg ( 2015 ) .
lover me in your heart again is a song recorded by american rock band queen forever .
move is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan for his fifth studio album , kill the lights ( 2015 ) .
one step at a time is a song written by hugh ashley , and recorded by american country music artist brenda lee .
the devil 's in the details is a song by american singer jennifer paige from her debut studio album , starflower ( 2017 ) .
lover me down easy is a song written by bryan adams and jim vallance , and performed by american rock and roll artist roger daltrey .
real one is a song by american singer chanté moore from her third studio album , the rise of the phoenix ( 2017 ) .
automatic hig is a song recorded by american rock band s club juniors and released as the second single from their second studio album together ( 2002 ) .
faster harder scooter is a song by american hip hop band scooter .
 natalie is a song by british singer-songwriter tony nilsson from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
when your lips are so close is a song co-written and recorded by english country music artist gord bamford .
no beef is a song by afrojack and steve aoki from their debut studio album wonderland ( 2011 ) .
i like to recognize the tune is a world war i song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
little boy is a song recorded by the american eurodance band captain jack , released on 13 september 1996 as the second single from the band 's sixth studio album the mission .
almost blue is a song written by elvis costello and the attractions and recorded by costello for his 1982 album , imperial bedroom .
someone like you is a song by american singer and songwriter adele from her debut studio album 21 ( 2011 ) .
put your head on my shoulder is a hit song performed by r b singer paul anka and written by anka with al delory .
absolute beginners is a song by english singer-songwriter david bowie .
touch me , tease me is a song by american recording artist case , featuring rapper foxy brown and mary j. blige .
 nowhere man is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
i love to boogie is a song by english glam rock band t. rex .
when the music 's over is a song by the doors featured on their 1967 album strange days .
the masterplan is a song by english rock band oasis .
hard livin ' is a song written by david halley , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .
50ft queenie is a song by american rock singer pj harvey .
fall angel is a song recorded by american singer traci lords , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album 1000 fires ( 1995 ) .
space cowboy is a song by australian alternative rock band banaroo .
when smokey sings is a song by american recording artist abc .
crying song is a 1969 song by the american rock band pink floyd featured on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie more .
 hunger of the pine is a song by american indie rock band alt-j .
 parachute is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris stapleton .
never knew is a song written by nina never knew and composed by louis alter .
 cherish is a 1989 song by american singer madonna .
3 is a song by english singer britney spears from her debut studio album , the sampler ( 2009 ) .
that do n't impress me muc ( you 're not from texas ) is a song recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
my love is a song by american rapper justin timberlake from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
zero to sixty is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas wade wayward .
for your precious love is a song written by arthur brooks , richard brooks and jerry butler and performed by american r b group the impressions .
 pride is a song by irish rock band u2 .
do n't try to stop i is a r b song by american roman holliday .
 hello is a song recorded by american singer aya ueto , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album ayaueto ( 2003 ) .
ready or not is a song by american europop band r.i.o .
l me take you dancing is a song recorded by american singer bryan adams .
here comes the sun is a song written by george harrison and performed by the beatles .
tessellate is a song by american hip hop band alt-j .
long hot summer is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
golo ( my past ) is a song by helena paparizou , and the main theme song from the greek film the game of love .
do n't stop believin ' is a song written by steve perry , jonathan cain and neal schon and recorded by american rock band journey .
no eternity is a song recorded by american singer jeanette , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album , break on through ( 2004 ) .
 isolation is a song by joy division that was first released on 18 -- 30 march 1980 .
mollie 's song is a song by american singer-songwriter beverley craven .
 ( without you ) what do i do with me is a song written by l. david lewis , david chamberlain and royce porter , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
middle of a memory is a song cole swindell co-written with michael carter , and recorded by american country music artist cole Swindell for his fifth studio album you should be here .
schism is a song by american progressive metal band tool .
working with fire and steel is a song by american new wave and steel band china crisis .
never will be mine is a song by american hip hop recording artist n .
every day is ) halloween is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band ministry .
high and dry is a song by english rock band radiohead from their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
missing you is a song by american rock band case .
sarah is a 1988 song written by mauro scocco and recorded by american singer-songwriter máro scocico .
s serve the servants is a song by american hard rock band nirvana .
pretty mess is a song by american r bdance-pop artist vanity .
dance mephisto ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by australian eurovision songwriter falco .
 odds and ends is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david , and recorded by american singer dionne warwick .
sway to the center of the mind is a song by american glam rock band the amboy dukes featured on their 1968 album journey .
my heart will go on is a song recorded by american singer celine dion .
the unnamed feeling is a song by american rock band metallica .
beat i is a song by american singer michael jackson , written by jackson with quincy jones and produced by jacksons with co-producer perry .
miss independent is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , thankful ( 2003 ) .
good night is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
 boom is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter anastacia for her second studio album of the 2002 fifa world cup .
 blink of an eye is a song recorded by american country music band ricochet .
p pills n potions is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album the pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
what does it feel is a song by american rock band slade .
by crooked steps is a song by american hip hop band soundgarden from their debut album , king animal ( 2013 ) .
faith is a song by american rock band go west , released as the second single from their 1992 album indian summer .
world 's greatest lover is a song written by david bellamy and steve klein , and recorded by american country music group the bellamy brothers .
 sweet dream woman is a song written by chip taylor and al gorgoni , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
 was n't it good is a song by american glam rock band cher , first released as a b-side on 4 september 1979 .
that old black magic is a world war i song written by harold arlen and johnny mercer , and performed by glenn miller .
 goodbye town is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lady antebellum .
why is a song by american recording artist carly simon .
youngblood is a song by the american alternative rock band youngblood , released as the third single from their debut studio album , running home to you .
the hangman 's body coun is a song by american rock band volbeat .
do n't call this love is a song by british singer-songwriter leon jackson .
the good in everyone is a song by american rock band sloan .
cosas del amor ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written by roberto livi and rudy pérez and performed by vikki carr and ana gabriel .
l haré por ti ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by american singer paulina rubio .
dear little girl is a song and single written by helen miller and howard greenfield and performed by american teenage r b band the shirelles .
dancy 's drea is a song written by greg jennings , monty powell and tim dubois , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .
 colder weather is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
do or die is a song by american electronic group thirty seconds to mars .
take me away is a song by american singer-songwriter tiff lacey from her debut album ¡ viva ! ( 2011 ) .
i saw her standing there is a popular song written in 1953 by mccartney and lennon .
calling all the monsters is a song performed by american singer china anne mcclain .
when the sinner is a song by the american hard rock band helloween that was first released on 21 may 1993 .
7 and 7 is a song by the american rock band love .
 opiate is a song by american electronic group tool .
2000 mädchen is a song by the german rock band die ärzte .
any can do the heartbreak is a song written by amanda mcbroom and tom snow , and recorded by american singer anne murray .
ing on for life is a song by american glam rock band broken bells released on november 21 , 2013 , as the lead single from their debut album after the disco .
ca n't leave 'em alone is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter ciara the evolution , featuring rapper 50 cent , from her debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
tort is a song by american electronic group foxes .
friend or foe is a song by american alternative rock band t.a.u .
dear 's gun is a song by american disco artist c. j. company .
l me back is a song by american singer zarif from her debut studio album , box of secrets ( 2008 ) .
señorita ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american r b singer justin timberlake .
 vanilla is a song recorded by japanese recording artist leah dizon for her seventh studio album , communication ( 2008 ) .
s u got 2 let the music is a song recorded by mexican singer cappella .
power struggle is a song by english singer sunna .
the ballad of chasey lain is a song by american rock band the bloodhound gang .
no matter what you do is a song by benny benassi and daniela galli and is the main theme song from benassi 's debut studio album hypnotica ( 2003 ) .
it 's all the way live is a song by american hip hop recording artist coolio .
i 'm going home is a song written by richard o'brien and richard hartleylyricist richard curry .
what a woman wants to hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jamie warren .
s sit down is a song by british singer-songwriter james .
sarah mclachlan is a song by american singer-songwriter sarah m clachlan from her 1994 album , fumbling towards ecstasy .
dear lights is a song by american electronic group ivy .
do n't forget about us is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
two ghosts is a song by american singer-songwriter harry styles from her debut studio album harry style ( 2017 ) .
i rimi ley ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from the german film turkey .
lucky in your love is a song by english breakbeat recording artist redlight released on 2 august 2012 .
too busy thinking about my baby is a hit song performed by american r b singer marvin gaye .
the prime time of your life is a song by english electronic group daft punk .
somew somewhere in summertime is a song by american new wave band simple minds and is the lead track on their debut album new gold dream ( 1982 ) .
cool kids is a song by american indie rock band echosmith .
energy is a song by american singer melissa manchester from her debut solo album , mathematics ( 1985 ) .
i will learn to love again is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
songs of experience is a song by american rock band killing joke .
little girl is a song by american europop band sandra .
 ever after is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
lucky does the work is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chad brock .
never gone is a song recorded by american country music band eagles , credited to jack tempchin and robb strandlund and released as the b-side to the group 's `` is it true '' single on april 19 , 1974 .
s flirtin ' with disaster is a song written by danny joe brown , dave hlubek and banner thomas , and recorded by american country music artist molly hatchet .
open your eyes is a song by american rock band yes .
tales of brave ulysses is a song by english psychedelic rock band cream .
i believe is a hit song by stevie wonder and yvonne wright and is the lead track on wonder 's debut album talking book ( 1972 ) .
bit by bi is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john landry .
right now is a song by american hard rock band van halen that was first released on february 15 , 1992 .
this join is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st. .
here comes summer is a song written by jerry keller , and recorded by keller for his 1958 album `` time has a way '' .
no pressure is a dance-pop song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album november 13 , 2015 ( 2015 ) .
kiss i is a song by american singer macy gray from her debut album , the sellout ( 2010 ) .
one more night is a song by american glam rock band sandra .
 flipmode ( my past ) is a song by fabolous and chris brown , and performed by british singer-songwriter velous .
down to you is a song by joni mitchell and is the lead track on her debut album , court and spark ( 1974 ) .
 me is a song recorded by american singer tamia .
kiss a gir is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
everything 's alright is a song recorded by american glam rock band the mojos and released as a single on 2 september 1964 .
 rock and roll never forgets is a song written by bob seger and punch andrews .
dear doctor , my eyes is a song by american singer-songwriter jackson browne .
so i could find my way is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
the boys and me is a song written by mark miller and mac mcanally , and recorded by american country music artist sawyer brown .
i must stand is a song performed by american recording artist ice-t .
the box is a song written and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
this is love is a song by american recording artist eva simons from her debut studio album , #willpower ( 2012 ) .
la la is a song by american singer ashlee simpson from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
perfect illusion is a dance-pop song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album joanne ( 2016 ) .
kiss goodbye is a song by american hip hop band avant .
square one is a song by american singer-songwriter tom petty from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
jimmy jimmy is a song by american punk rock band the undertones .
dance in chelsea is a song by american rock group jon bon jovi .
horse with no name is a song by america that was first released on 4 september 1971 .
v vow is a song by american alternative rock band garbage .
do n't really matter is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , nutty professor ii the klumps ( 2000 ) .
i got the blues is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1971 album sticky fingers .
 cannonball is a song written and performed by american country music artist duane eddy .
country is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tom t. hall .
why is a song by andy gibb from her debut album , shadow dancing ( 1978 ) .
my tribute is a gospel song by andraé crouch and is the lead track on her debut album , keep on singin ' .
destroy 2000 years of culture is a song by the american rock band atari teenage riot .
one love is a song by the american rock band blue .
como mujer ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group ivy queen .
living inside myself is a 1981 song by gino vannelli , included in the album nightwalker .
never forget you is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
my sweet love ai n't around is a song written by hank williams and rootie tootie .
colour of love is a 1991 song by snap ! , included in the album the madman 's return .
tie a yellow ribbon round the ole oak tree is a song written by irwin levine and l. russell brown , and performed by american rock band dawn .
needful hands is a song by australian alternative rock band jars of clay .
i 'm tryna ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist omarion .
animal style is a song by biffy clyro from his debut studio album ellipsis ( 2015 ) .
little boy sad is a 1961 r b song first recorded by american teenage singer johnny burnette .
do i do is a song by stevie wonder , first released as a b-side on february 19 , 1982 .
mmmbop is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter hanson .
go ahead and break my hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton for his fifth studio album , if i 'm honest ( 2015 ) .
still reminds me is a song by australian singer-songwriter anggun from her 2000 album chrysalis .
time waits for no one is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1974 album it 's only rock 'n roll .
santa rosa is a song written by benny and agnetha anni-frid , and recorded by abba .
 would jesus wear a rolex is a song written by margaret archer and chet atkins , and recorded by american country music artist ray stevens .
the goose is a song recorded by the funk band parliament .
close enemies is a song by the american hip hop band example .
return to fantasy is a fantasy song written by ken hensley and david byron , and performed by american singer uriah heep .
songs of experience is a song by r b singer stevie wonder from her 1991 album jungle fever .
in the dark is a song by american electronic group tiësto , featuring rapper christian burns , from their third studio album , elements of life ( 2007 ) .
never knows is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
party line is a song by american singer andsongwriter andrea true connection .
ca clash city rockers is a song by english punk rock band the clash .
wait for love is a song by american singer-songwriter luther vandross .
sway song is a song by american singer hozier from her debut studio album , Hozier ( 2015 ) .
 extraordinary is a song by american singer liz phair from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
perfect storm is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
 girl i used to know is a song written by jack clement and pappy daily , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
he 'll have to stay is a song written by audrey allison , charles grean and joe allison and recorded by american country music artist jeanne black .
 naked is a song by british singer-songwriter james arthur .
baby is a song recorded by american latin pop group clean bandit and featuring vocals from american singer marina and the diamonds and luis .
 american honky-tonk bar association is a song written by bryan kennedy and jim rushing , and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .
burnin ' the roadhouse down is a song co-written and recorded by steve wariner with garth brooks .
the missing frame is a song by american alternative rock band afi .
on my way here is a song by american singer clay aiken .
best night is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
secret love song is a song by english glam rock band little mix , featuring british singer-songwriter jason derulo .
we are happy women is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her eighth studio album , kimi omou shunkashūtō ( 2018 ) .
do n't tell me what to do is a song recorded by american rock band animals .
coming down is a song recorded by american hip hop band five finger death punch , released as the lead single from their debut studio album american capitalist .
dear 's dea is a song by english indie rock band the zutons released on september 2002 .
bitte bitte is a 1989 song by die ärzte , included in the album das ist nicht die ganze wahrheit .
after the love slips away is a song written by earl thomas conley and nelson larkin , and recorded by american country music artist earl buttons conley .
rub lover is a dance-pop song by american indie rock band marmaduke duke .
out with my baby is a song by english singer-songwriter guy sebastian from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
blossom is a song performed by estonian singer kerli .
stunna ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper birdman from his debut album , birdman ( 2012 ) .
time is a song by american singer k. michelle from her debut studio album more issues than vogue ( 2016 ) .
treat me like a stranger is a song written by michael bonagura and peter mccann , and recorded by american country music band baillie the boys .
i wan na do it with you is a song written by harry vanda and george young , and recorded by american singer john paul young .
demon to lean on is a song by american alternative rock band wavves .
do n't cry , frenchy ( you 're not from texas ) is a world war i song written by young and joe .
cinderella ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer lionel richie .
famous last words is a song by american rock band my chemical romance from their sixth studio album the black parade ( 2006 ) .
dearless is a song by american singer drake from her third studio album , scorpion ( 2018 ) .
hole in the ear is a song by american hip hop band deftones from their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
the box it came in is a song written by vic mcalpin and tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist wanda jackson .
i love you , suzanne is a song by lou reed and is the lead track on his debut solo album new sensations ( 1984 ) .
i want to tell you is a song written by george harrison and written by harrison with george martin .
nature boy is a song by elen ahbez , first recorded as a b-side by ricky nelson but better known in the a-side version by king cole .
chance of lovin ' you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .
only daddy that 'll walk the line is a song written by jimmy bryant , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
words as weapons is a song by australian indie rock band birdy .
 obsession is a song by american glam rock band army of lovers featured on their 1991 album massive luxury overdose .
come get to this is a hit song performed by american r b singer marvin gaye and written by gaye with michigan .
crazy little thing called love is a song written by freddie mercury , and recorded by american country music artist queen .
 realiti ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer grimes from her debut studio album art angels ( 2015 ) .
 barricade is a song by english indie rock band interpol .
 genie in a bottle is a 1999 song recorded by american singer christina aguilera .
 celebration is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album , celebration ( 2009 ) .
ride the wild wind is a song by english rock band queen .
yesterdays is a world war i song written by otto harbach and composed by jerome kern .
jeremiah peabody 's polyunsaturated quick-dissolving green and purple pills is a 1961 ricky nelson song written by ray stevens and produced by shelby singleton .
my way to you is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .
you are what i a is a song by english singer-songwriter gordon lightfoot and is the lead track on his debut album old dan 's records ( 1972 ) .
 european son is a song by the velvet underground that was first released on march 12 , 1967 .
out in the country is a 1970 song by the american country music band three dog night .
superlove is a song by american singer charli xcx from her debut studio album , american pop group , asylum ( 2013 ) .
he is is a song by the american new wave and progressive rock band ghost , released on may 31 , 2015 as the lead single from their eighth studio album meliora .
she ai n't gon na cry ( you 're not from texas ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joel feeney .
she thinks my tractor 's sexy is a song written by jim collinspaul overstreet , and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
robins and roses is a song written by joe burke and edgar leslie , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter robins and r b .
ghost town is a song by american singer adam lambert from his debut studio album , the original high ( 2015 ) .
 gon na wan na tonig ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american country music group chase rice .
the king is gone is a song written by roger d. ferris , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
 runaway is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
sex roo ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist ludacris from his debut ep battle of the sexes ( 2010 ) .
bobby sox to stockings is a song written by russell faith , clarence kehner and richard dicicco and performed by american teenage singer frankie avalon .
s.orizon is a song by american musician david gilmour from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
b bend me , shape me is a song written by scott english and larry weiss , and recorded by american breed .
deartee cas is a song by american rapper dizzee rascal from her debut studio album tongue n ' cheek ( 2009 ) .
home is a song by american hip hop recording artist bone thugs-n-harmony released on may 8 , 2003 , as the lead single from his debut ep , thug world order ( 2002 ) .
the black angel 's death song is a song by the velvet underground and is the lead track on their 1967 album velvet underground nico .
angel is a song by american alternative rock band a-ha .
i 've been wrong before is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deborah allen .
dance desire is a song by australian singer geri halliwell from her second studio album , passion ( 2005 ) .
price tag is a song by american singer jessie j , featuring rapper british rapper new york .
sake me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett which hit november 20 , 2017 .
ass asshole is a song by british comedian denis leary .
you 're the best thing about me is a song by irish rock band u2 .
dear metal and reflective is a song by american hip hop recording artist azealia banks from her debut studio album , broke with expensive taste ( 2014 ) .
heartbreak station is a 1991 song by american teenage singer cinderella .
p pyramids is a song by american rapper frank ocean from his debut studio album , channel orange ( 2012 ) .
dear land is a song written and recorded by american singer joan armatrading .
no place like home is a song written by paul overstreet , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
wreck and burn is a song by american singer nadia ali from her debut studio album , embers ( 2008 ) .
tell me something bad about tulsa is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
bubba shot the jukebox is a song written by dennis linde , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
the songs of leonard cohen is a song by the american singer-songwriter .
burn is a song recorded by american singer tina arena , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album in deep .
 surrender your love is a song by english record producer nightcrawlers released on 1995 , as the second single from his sixth studio album let 's push it .
wreck on the highway is a song written by bruce springsteen , steven van zandt and recorded by springsteen for his 1980 album the river .
before i 'm over you is a song written by betty sue perry , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
s susan 's house is a song by english hip hop band eels .
you must not be drinking enoug is a song written by danny kortchmar , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .
lazy acid is a song by english singer-songwriter calvin harris from his debut studio album , motion ( 2014 ) .
big man on mulberry stree is a song by american musician billy joel .
g bedtime stories is a 1999 r b song by american recording artist snoop dogg .
with me tonig is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1967 album smiley smile .
i do n't want to spoil the party is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon and produced by george martin .
five minutes is a song by american hip hop artist bonzo goes to washington .
i wi ( over you ) is a popular song written in 1968 by john lennon and composed by mccartney .
danger is a song by american rapper blahzay blahzyay .
maybe california ( american : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter tori amos .
all nite is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the second single from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
jalousi is a song by american singer medina from her debut studio album tæt på - live ( 2014 ) .
s suga suga ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist bash , featuring rapper frankie j .
 ruby tuesday is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1967 album `` let 's spend the night together '' .
doin ' that crazy thing is a song written by jeff lynne , and recorded by lynne for his 1977 studio album `` goin ' down to rio '' .
one sign is a song by galleon that was first released on 24 june 2002 .
strawwine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .
tu amor ( my past ) is a latin pop song by luis fonsi , and the main theme song from the greek film éxitos 98 06 .
i do n't want you to go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carolyn dawn johnson .
wildcat victory is a world war i song written by harry e. erickson , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
i believe in father christmas is a song written by greg lake and peter sinfield , and recorded by american country music artist greglake .
dance u is a song by american hip hop recording artist n.d .
sink about the way is a song recorded by american recording artist ice mc , credited to roberto zanetti , and released as the second single from her 1994 album ice 'n' green .
 gypsies in the palace is a song written by jimmy buffett , glenn frey and will jennings , and recorded by american country music artist jim my buffett for his 1985 studio album last mango in paris .
postcards from saigon is a song by english singer-songwriter james blundell from his second studio album , deluge ( 2005 ) .
far away is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her second studio album , duty ( 2000 ) .
atomic is a song by the american rock band blondie , released as the second single from the band 's debut album , eat to the beat .
baby 's got a hold on me is a song written by jeff hanna , bob carpenter and josh leo , and recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
l' manège ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by stanislas from her seventh studio album l'équilibre instable ( 2008 ) .
postcards is a song by english singer-songwriter james blunt from his debut studio album moon landing ( 2014 ) .
 how long is a song by american hard rock band ace .
skin on skin is a song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album unbelievable ( 2002 ) .
trou try try is a song by american singer-songwriter julian cope .
kentucky woman is a song written by neil diamond and jeff barryellie greenwich .
back to life is a song recorded by american singer hailee steinfeld from her third studio album , bumblebee ( 2018 ) .
if you 've got trouble is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
i 'm confused is a song performed by estonian singer pandora .
black denim trousers and motorcycle boots is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and performed by the cheers .
most high is a song by english singer-songwriter jimmy page robert plant .
s potential breakup song is a song by american singer aly aj from her second studio album , insomniatic ( 2007 ) .
lover me tender is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
mama 's broken hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .
hazy baby is a song by american rock and roll artist ted nugent .
after all the good is gone is a song written by conway twitty and mt. juliet , and recorded by twitty for his 1976 studio album now and then .
less than an hour is a song by american hip hop recording artist nas , featuring guest vocals from american rapper cee-lo .
i believe in you is a song by american singer bob dylan .
big mistake is a song by american singer natalie imbruglia from her second studio album , left of the middle ( 1998 ) .
shakespeare 's sister is a song by english alternative rock band the smiths and is the lead track on their debut album 18 march 1985 .
move to memphis is a song by american hip hop band a-ha .
never should 've let you go is a song recorded by american r b group hi-five , credited to eric foster white 3 , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jumpin '' single on september 27 , 1993 .
thank you for the good times is a song by english rock band oasis from their second album , heathen chemistry ( 2002 ) .
am amazing is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter matt cardle from her debut ep , letters ( 2012 ) .
 afterlife is a song by avenged sevenfold from their sixth studio album avenged 7fold ( 2008 ) .
bad blood is a song recorded by american singer taylor swift , featuring rapper kendrick lamar , from her debut studio album , 1989 .
 knocking ` round the zoo is a song by american singer-songwriter james taylor written by taylor with peter asher and produced by asher .
 harley + rose is a 1990 song by the black sorrows and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album .
gun has no trigger is a song by american rock band dirty projectors that was first released on march 30 , 2012 .
once in a lifetime is a song by estonia , and the main theme song of the greek film estonia .
do n't follow is a song by american singer alice in chains from her 1994 album jar of flies .
hanging on is a song by american dream pop group active child .
unwritten is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter natasha bedingfield from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
river of joy is a song by no angels from their second album elle ` ments ( 2000 ) .
live and learn is a song written by jerry fuller , andy williams .
givers and takers is a song written by craig bickhardt , and recorded by american country music artist s-k-b .
everything i love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .
over and over is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna .
 roll 'em pete is a world war i song by joe turner and pete johnson .
 clouds is a song by american singer-songwriter zach sobiech .
kao ti i ja ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by british singer franka batelić and released as a single on june 28 , 2018 .
uddenly single is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
 alone is a song by alan walker from her debut studio album different world ( 2015 ) .
you know how to love me is a song written by reggie lucasjames mtume , and recorded by american singer phyllis hyman .
no one 's gon na love you is a song by english indie rock band band of horses .
nothing 's gon na stop us is a song by the darkness from their debut album , hot cakes ( 2012 ) .
trem chris is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
quasar ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american psychedelic rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their debut album oceania ( 2012 ) .
back street lv is a song by curved air that was first released on july 1971 .
my son , my son is a song written by gordon melville rees , bob howard and eddie calvert and performed by american teenage singer vera lynn .
 greece 2000 is a song by three drives that was first released on 25 november 1997 .
who 's rea is a song by american rapper jadakiss from his debut studio album , the last kiss ( 2009 ) .
 rock and roll all nite is a song and single written by paul stanley and gene simmons , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
 balla baby is a song by american rapper chingy from her self-titled debut album ( 2004 ) .
hazy baby is a song by no doubt recording artist no doubt , featuring rapper bounty killer , from her 2001 album rock steady .
stair free is a song by english singer-songwriter jimi hendrix experience .
had a dream is a song written by dennis linde , and recorded by american country music group the judds .
gay bar is a song by american rock band electric six , released as the lead single from their second studio album , fire ( 2002 ) .
do you get that lonely is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blaine larsen .
free money is a song by american singer patti smith from her 1975 album , horses .
last time in paris is a song written by chris degarmogeoff tate , and recorded by american singer queensrÿche .
sometimes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clay davidson .
itchycoo park is a song by the american psychedelic rock band small faces featured on their 1967 album `` i 'm only dreaming '' .
the ship song is a song by nick cave and the bad seeds from their 1990 album the good son .
i treni di tozeur ( english translation : `` the days of the rainbow '' ) is a song by italian singer carla bissi and songwriter alice battiato .
lodgei is a 1969 song by american roots rockswamp rock band creedence clearwater revival .
 tomorrow 's is a song by the american new wave band madness , released on 1 february 1983 as the second single from their debut album the rise fall .
 roll in my sweet baby 's arms is a song written by buck owens , and recorded by american country music artist buck owen .
gim me three steps is a song written by ronnie van zant and allen collins , and recorded by american country music artist lynyrd skynyrd .
working day and nig ( `` today and nig '' ) is a song by american rapper michael jackson .
when the clouds of war roll by was a world war i song composed by nat binns and composed by earl haubrich .
sucktin ' hungry is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by wilson with love .
our lives is a song by the american alternative rock band the calling .
 parasite is a song by american rock band kiss .
iener blut is a 1988 song by australian singer falco .
tear in the sahara is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album synchronicity in 1983 .
wild honey is a song by irish rock band u2 .
i wo n't give up is a song by american singer-songwriter jason mraz from his debut studio album love is a four letter word ( 2011 ) .
one minute past eternity is a song written by william e. kesler , and recorded by american country music artist jerry lee lewis .
no time to bleed is a song by american deathcore band suicide silence .
songs of experience is a 1991 r b song by american singer prince and the new power generation .
grow old with me is a song written and performed by john lennon .
shame is a song by american talk talk , written by mark hollis and produced by tim friese-greene .
 flamethrower is a song by the american rock band the j. geils band .
save me a rope is a song by australian singer-songwriter kt tunstall from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2007 in music ) .
flame trees is a song written by steve prestwich and don walker , and recorded by english pub rock band cold chisel .
higher ground is a song by stevie wonder from his debut album , innervisions ( 1973 ) .
pokušaj ( my past ) is a song by elvir laković laka , and the main theme song from his eighth studio album , samla ( 2008 ) .
remember that is a song recorded by american recording artist btob for her debut studio album , remember that ( 2016 ) .
tumbleweed is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .
thank tour is a song by american hip hop recording artist quest , featuring rapper trugoy , from his debut album , midnight marauders ( 1993 ) .
heart of gold is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album , state of confusion ( 1983 ) .
lover is a song by american singer tyler medeiros , featuring rapper danny fernandes , from his debut studio album tm ( 2010 ) .
evil eye is a song by english indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her debut studio album right thoughts , right words ( 2013 ) .
nothin ' but cowboy boots is a song written by aaron benwardlee thomas miller , and recorded by american country music group blue county .
 procession is a song by the moody blues featured on their debut album every good boy deserves favour in 1971 .
 tomorrow is a long time is a song written by bob dylan and composed by dylan with art artist Bob dylan .
the motown song is a 1989 r b song by rod stewart and featuring vocals from the temptations on motown records ' `` sweet soul music '' .
close your eyes is a world war i song written by bernice petkere , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
sink on is a song by american electronic group skepta .
the fat man is a r b song by fats domino and dave bartholomew .
i 'd be proud to be the mother of is a world war i song in the style of a march .
 estoy aquí ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer shakira .
lover bites is a song by american rock band halestorm from their debut album , the strange case of ... .
guilty is a song written by don reidharold reid and carson statler brothers and recorded by american country music group the statlers brothers .
if i were a carpenter is a song by four tops and is the lead track on their 1968 album reach out .
 lettin ' the night ro is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .
flowers & football tops is a song by english indie rock band glasvegas released on 23 february 2009 .
i 've got you is a song by american latin pop singer marc anthony .
rub you the right way is a 1990 r b song by american singer johnny gill .
 raggamuffin ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american neo soul singer selah sue from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
 still love you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist aaa for her seventh studio album 777 triple seven ( 2012 ) .
what 's your name is a song written by gary rossington and ronnie van zant , and recorded by american country music artist lynyrd skynyrd .
not as we is a song by american singer alanis morissette and songwriter guy sigsworth .
 contribution is a 1990 song by american recording artist mica paris , featuring rapper rakim , from her debut album , contribution ( 1990 ) .
keep them kisses comin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist craig campbell .
ark of suffering is a song by american glam rock band tourniquet that was first released on 4 september 1990 .
the witch queen of new orleans is a song written by lolly vegaspat vegas and recorded by american rock band redbone .
nice to be with you is a song by the american hard rock band gallery .
close our eyes is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band go west .
i shot the sheriff is a song by bob marley and the wailers featured on their 1973 album burnin ' .
back in my arms again is a song and single written by holland -- dozier and `` whisper you love me boy '' and performed by american rock band the supremes .
i ca n't hold ou ( `` the sun is shining '' ) is a song by elmore james , first recorded as a b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on may 1960 .
party is a song recorded by japanese recording artist girls ' generation , released as the third single from her debut studio album , lion heart ( 2015 ) .
 heaven is a song by american r b group solo .
louise is a song by american singer-songwriter bonnie tyler from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
the happiness of having you is a song written by ted harris , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
s flavour of the old schoo is a song by neville thomas , pule pheto and beverley knight and released as the b-funk single on 9 march 1995 .
small town throwdown is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brantley gilbert , featuring guest vocals from justin moore and thomas rhett , from his debut studio album just as i am ( 2014 ) .
another nail in my hear is a song by american new wave and progressive rock band squeeze .
knin ' on heaven 's door is a song by american singer bob dylan .
i bet you look good on the dancefloor is a song by english rock band arctic monkeys from their second album whatever people say i am , that 's what .
dj is a song by american singer david bowie .
 blitzkrieg bop is a song by american punk rock band ramones and is the lead track on their 1976 album ramones .
songs of experience is a song by american glam rock band the darkness .
jim jackson 's kansas city blues is a 1927 r b song by american r b singer jimjackson , first recorded as a b-side by r b group the american blues .
 victim of love is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band the cars featured on their 1982 album shake it up .
the morning comes is a song by american rock band smash mouth .
wear this ring is a hit song performed by the american r b band the detroit emeralds and written by abrim tilmon and james mitchell .
this is america is a song by american recording artist childish gambino .
baby universa is a 1991 song by tin machine from their second album tin machine ii .
waitin for you is a song by american singer demi lovato , featuring rapper sirah , from her debut studio album confident ( 2011 ) .
zindagi ek safar hai suhana ( `` andaz '' ) is a song written by hasrat jaipuri and performed by kishore kumar .
my heart goes boom is a song written by tore madsen and morten henriksen and recorded by norway .
lotta love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist nicolette larson .
the shame of life is a song by american hip hop band butthole surfers .
dance at the oasis is a song by american singer and songwriter maria muldaur .
i am is a song by johan rohr and mårten sandén , and released as the third single from their self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
thank , pretty woman is a song and single written by roy orbison and the candy men and performed by american rock and roll band the candymen .
scandinavia is a song by van morrison that was first released on june 1982 .
take this time is a song by american singer sean maguire .
in it for the money is a song by english electronic group client , released as the second single from their third studio album , city ( 2004 ) .
spaz is a song by american hip hop recording artist n.d .
songs of the beatles is a song written and performed by sarah vaughan .
sway of flags is a song by american singer-songwriter jessica mauboy .
another rainy day in new york city is a song by american jazz fusion band chicago .
lady samantha is a 1970 song by elton john and bernie taupin .
day & night is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
she 's the one is a song by the american r b band the midnighters and is a b-side to the group 's `` annie had a baby '' single on 1954 .
now that we 're dead is a song by american glam rock band metallica .
 strange world is a song by american alternative rock band ké .
 blame is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band autumn hill .
 heaven i need a hug is a song by american r b singer r. kelly from her second studio album , chocolate factory ( 2002 ) .
a&e is a song by american singer-songwriter goldfrapp from her seventh studio album , seventh tree ( 2008 ) .
baby scratch my back is a song performed by r b singer slim harpo and written by miller with louisiana .
stuck gold is a song recorded by japanese recording artist utada hikaru for her seventh studio album , heart station ( 2008 ) .
cold world is a 1989 song by steve `` silk '' hurley , featuring vocals from american singer jamie principle , from her 1989 album work it out compilation album .
wonder life is a song by the american rock band black .
that 's it for the other one is a song by the american rock band grateful dead and is the lead track on their sixth album anthem of the sun ( 2007 ) .
sex bomb is a dance-pop song by tom jones and mousse t. .
songs of a dream is a dream song by english singer-songwriter anastacia from her second studio album , pieces of experience ( 2005 ) .
robbie 's song for jesus is a song written by robbie macneill , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
bad is a song by irish rock band u2 .
pottremmo ritornare ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter tiziano ferro released on october 28 , 2016 , as the first single off his eighth studio album il mestiere della vita .
luminelight is a song by american hard rock band rush .
the way that i love you is a song recorded by american singer ashanti .
i do n't wan na dance ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song written by tim finn , and recorded by american rock band split enz .
lover loves a clown is a song written by snuff garrett , gary lewis and leon russell and performed by american rock and roll band the playboys .
 naked is a song by american rock band goo goo dolls featured on their 1996 album boy named goo .
só sei ser feliz assi ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group portugal .
 heroes and villains is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1967 album smiley smile .
k your game is a song by american recording artist tlc .
it hurts to be in love is a song written by howard greenfield and helen miller , and recorded by american teenage singer gene pitney .
cómo sé ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song from mexican singer-songwriter julieta venegas from her 1996 album aquí .
must of got los is a song by the japanese rock band the j. geils band .
jump is a song by american dance-pop band the pointer sisters and is the lead track on their debut album , break out ( 1984 ) .
come to me is a song by american rock band diesel .
real to me is a song by brian mcfadden from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
i do n't want to be ) second is a song recorded by american singer margaret urlich and written by urlich with t swain .
she thinks that she 'll marry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist judy rodman .
the daily mail staircase is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their debut album the king of limbs .
i love you is a hit song performed by american r b singer otis leavill and written by davis , eugene record and barbara acklin .
everything is alrig is a song by american indie rock band motion city soundtrack .
lucky son is a 1969 song by the american rock band creedence clearwater revival .
nobody is comfortably numb is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 23 june 1980 .
 r-o-c-k is a song and single written by bill haley and arrett `` rusty '' keefer , and performed by american rock and roll band the comets .
down city streets is a song written by ruby hunter , and recorded by american singer archie roach .
the day the rains came is a song written by gilbert bécaud and carl sigman and performed by english singer jane morgan .
animal is a song recorded by american singer troye sivan from her third studio album , bloom ( 2018 ) .
 loose ( therapy ) is a song by the american rock band therapy ? .
no one is a song by american singer alicia keys from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
far behind is a song by american glam rock band candlebox .
 eyes closed is a song by american singer halsey from her third studio album , hopeless fountain kingdom ( 2017 ) .
chicago is a song written by graham nash and performed by nash .
pain man is a song by r b singer-songwriter kenny pickett and eddie phillips .
money and the power is a song by american hip hop artist kid ink from his debut studio album , almost home ( 2013 ) .
need your love is a song by the american rock band cheap trick featured on their 1979 album dream police .
keep the faith is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
i n't leavin without you is a song recorded by american r b group jaheim .
dear laundry is a song recorded by american singer kelly rowland , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , talk a good game ( 2013 ) .
anch ' , breakin ' hear is a 1961 song written by rick hall , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
 tomb of the unknown love is a song written by micheal smotherman , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
through with you is a song by american funk band maroon 5 .
you 've made me so very happy is a hit song performed by american singer brenda holloway .
the goaldiggers song is the sixth song of elton john 's debut solo album , rocket records ( 1977 ) .
dancefinger is a song by powderfinger from their sixth album , double allergic ( 1996 ) .
if leaving me is easy is a song written by phil collins and hugh padgham , and recorded by collins for his 1981 album face value .
put your arms around me is a song by american alternative rock band texas .
two sparrows in a hurricane is a song written by mark alan springer , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
all i wan na do is a song recorded by english singer martin jensen , released as the third single from his eighth studio album , samla do .
living is a song by american singer sia .
british singer-songwriter james blunt is the lead track from his debut studio album the afterlove ( 2017 ) .
 sweet , sweet smile is a song written by otha young and juice newton , and recorded by american rock band carpenters .
heartache tonig is a song by american rock band eagles featured on their 1979 album the long run .
matilda is a song by american indie rock band alt-j .
do n't shoot me i 'm only the piano is a song by elton john and bernie taupin .
too good to stop now is a song written by bob mcdill and rory michael bourke , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
smoke two joints is a song by american reggae band the toyes featured on their 1983 album tatard .
at the river is a song by groove armada that was first released on 27 july 1999 .
amy 's back in austin is a song written by brady seals , stephen allen davis and doug grau , and recorded by american country music artist little texas .
 maniac is a song by michael sembello and is the main theme song from the motion picture bossa nova hotel andflashdance .
dear is a song by american rock band paramore .
runnin ' is a song by american r b singer naughty boy from her debut studio album , bungee jumping ( 2015 ) .
shan ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by albano carrisi and romina power , and performed by american singer al bano and written by power with ciro dammicco .
 freunde is a song by the german alternative rock band die toten hosen .
 loosen up my strings is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
steamy windows is a 1989 song by american singer tina turner .
candyman is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her 2007 studio album back to basics .
 alice is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her debut studio album almost alice ( 2010 ) .
you found me is a song by the fray from their sixth album , the fray ( 2008 ) .
you do n't know love is a dance-pop song by american singer olly murs from her debut studio album 24 hrs ( 2015 ) .
will you be there is a song recorded by american singer jeanette .
hang me up to dry is a song by american indie rock band cold war kids from their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
my somebody is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba .
lover like war is a song by american hip hop band all time low , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter vic fuentes .
thank you 4 every day every body is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ami suzuki for her tenth studio album infinity eighteen vol ( 2000 ) .
no matter what is a 1970 song by badfinger featured on their album no dice .
lover really hurts without you is a song by british singer-songwriter billy ocean .
 expedition impossible is a song by american hip hop band hooverphonic .
signore delle cime ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by bepi de marzi and performed by italian symbadian choir i crodaioli choir .
wonder life is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band hurts .
lover to hate you is a song by english electronic group erasure .
subways is a song by english drum and bass band the avalanches featured on their debut album , wildflower ( 2016 ) .
come on gir ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer taio cruz released on 3 march 2008 , as the second single from his eighth studio album , departure ( 2008 ) .
fall is a song by american singer alison moyet and songwriter pete glenister .
lazy is a 1961 r b song by sharon sheeley , first recorded as a b-side by eddie cochran but better known in the a-side version by sweetie pie .
smart girls is a song by brian wilson from his 1991 album sweet insanity .
michael caine is a song by the american rock band madness .
country line is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band high valley .
guiding light is a song by english folk rock band mumford sons and is the lead track on their third studio album , delta ( 2018 ) .
my father my king is a song by english glam rock band mogwai .
 european son is a song by japan that was first released on january 1982 .
i make hamburgers is a song by american rock band the whitlams featured on their 1994 album undeniably .
real world is a song by american alternative rock band matchbox 20 , released on june 23 , 1998 as the lead single from their sixth studio album yourself or someone like you .
 no milk today is a song written by graham gouldman and produced by mickie most .
best i ever had is a song by the american alternative rock band vertical horizon .
above and beyond is a song written by harlan howard and ken nelson , and recorded by american country music artist buck owens .
ca n't forget about you is a song by english singer-songwriter martin solveig from her debut studio album future house 1 ( 2015 ) .
fifteen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift which hit no .
that 's what love is is a song written by gerald levertmarc gordon and ken and howard , and recorded by american singer miki howard .
t hasta que te conocí ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by juan gabriel .
 highway robbery is a song written by tom shapiro , michael garvin and bucky jones , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
the only one is a song by the american new wave band fiction factory that first appeared in 1985 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie another story .
generation sex is a song by the divine comedy featured on their 1998 album fin de siècle .
44 more is a song by english hip hop band logic , released as the third single from their third studio album bobby tarantino ii :
 wo n't go quietly is a dance-pop song by english electronic group example .
good times is a song by american glam rock band chic , first released as a b-side on june 30 , 1979 .
fight fire with fire is a song recorded by american country music artist kansas .
this time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings which hit no .
crescent city blues is a song by gordon jenkins and featuring vocals from beverly mahr .
british funk band bootsy 's rubber band is a song by bootsy collins and joel johnson .
faith of the hear is a song by american singer rod stewart .
the battle of new orleans is a song written by jimmy driftwood , and recorded by american country music artist johnny horton .
99 is a song by american singer-songwriter ruth lorenzo from her debut studio album planeta azul ( 2015 ) .
please , please , please and let me get is a song by english indie rock band the smiths featured on their debut album , what i wan ( 1984 ) .
low c is a song by english indie rock band supergrass from their second album road to rouen .
my chico ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1988 song by american singer sabrina .
do n't play your rock 'n't roll to me is a song written by chinn and nicky chinn , and recorded by english country music artist smokie .
that 's what i am is a song recorded by australian singer conchita wurst .
lover your love is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band blancmange .
bandages is a song by english indie rock band hot hot heat from their second album , make up the breakdown ( 2002 ) .
touch me is a song by american singer samantha fox from her 1986 album , touch me .
when you were young is a song by american rock band the killers from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
 spaceman is a song by american rock band the killers featured on their sixth studio album , day age ( 2008 ) .
you are is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released on july 30 , 1996 as the second single from the band 's sixth studio album no code .
cried like a baby is a song written by craig doerge paul williams and carson sherman , and recorded by american singer-songwriter sherman .
ready is a song by american hip hop recording artist fabolous featuring chris brown , released as the lead single from his debut ep , january 17 , 2013 .
wasting time is a song by australian alternative rock band thirsty merc , released on first work in 2003 as the lead single from their second album , first work ( 2002 ) .
maybe is a song by mexican singer valentina monetta from her debut studio album , march 14 , 2014 .
 ocean man is a song by australian alternative rock band ween .
message to myself is a song by american singer-songwriter melissa etheridge from her debut studio album the awakening ( 2007 ) .
it 's not living is a song by the 1975 british rock band the 1975 .
no one gets left behind is a song by american hip hop band five finger death punch .
i 'm here saying nothing is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hitomi yaida for her 2001 studio album candlize .
donna con te ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1990 song written by danilo amerio and luciano boero and performed by anna oxa .
100 in a 55 is a song by american rock band pop evil .
stormur is a song by sigur rós from their debut album , kveikur ( 2013 ) .
still burnin ' for you is a song written by rob crosby , and recorded by american country music artist scott hendricks .
gim me love is a song by australian europop singer alexia .
songs for you is a song by american singer-songwriter james morrison from his debut studio album , truths for you ( 2009 ) .
 me wan na ( you 're not from texas ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett .
i got the fire is a song by american rock and roll artist montrose .
the memphis blues is a song and single written by w. c. handy and george a. norton , and performed by the victor military band .
lover in the head is a song by american hip hop band rage against the machine .
down is a song by fifth harmony featuring rapper gucci mane from their fifth harmony album fifth harmony ( 2017 ) .
joy to the world is a song recorded by american rock band three dog night and released as the b-side to it on february 1971 .
songs by stevie wonder and michael jackson .
s hit tha ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american electronic group the offspring .
one horse town is a song by elton john , james newton-howard and bernie taupin and performed by john in 1976 .
bye , bye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jo dee messina .
silent treatment is a song written by earl thomas conley and she loves me , and recorded by american country music artist earl nelson larkin .
i do n't want to see you again is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by peter and gordon .
i love how you love me is a 1961 r b song by the american glam rock band the paris sisters and is the b-side to the group 's `` all through the night '' single .
 bravado is a song by english chamber music band lorde .
down in i is a 1989 song by american hip hop band nine inch nails .
high is a song performed by norway and written by knut anders sørum .
never rains is a song by american r b singer tony ! from his 1990 album the revival .
the damned do n't cry is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band visage .
the wind is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
thank you is a song written by pete townshend and glyn johns , and recorded by american rock band the who .
songs of experience is a song by english singer sugababes from her second studio album , taller in more ways ( 2006 ) .
 alfie is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter lily allen , released as the third single from her third studio album , alright , still ( 2007 ) .
i sang dixie is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
pumps and a bump is a song by american drum and bass band hammer .
look after you is a song by american soft rock band the fray .
dear deep is a song by american hip hop band smash cast feat .
made in the usa is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist demi lovato .
fire and smoke is a song written by earl thomas conley , and recorded by american country music artist earl nelson larkin and released as a single on april 20 , 1981 .
 ballad of cleo and joe is a song written by cyndi lauper and jan pulsford , and recorded by american singer-songwriter cyndian duo sisters of avalon and released as the lead single from their self-titled debut studio album ( 1996 ) .
black is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
british country music group the shooters is a song written by walt aldridge , and recorded by american country music band the shooters .
international party is a song by american rapper swizz beatz featuring alicia keys .
wanted dead or alive is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2pac and snoop doggy dogg .
kiss in 77 is a song by american r b singer james brown .
disperato ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1990 song by marco masini , composed by masini and giancarlo bigazzi and giuseppe dati and performed by american singer marcomasini .
i wo n't give in is a song by american indie rock band asking alexandria .
the solution is a song by american singer-songwriter yes .
tender is a 1999 song by blur from their second album , 13 .
 up 'n away is a song recorded by american eurodancereggae artist mr. president .
a love that will never grow old is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist emmylou harris .
hallelujah freedo ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by junior campbell , and recorded by american singer-songwriter Junior campbell .
heart do n't fall now is a song written by carolyn swilley , bill labounty and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist sawyer brown .
weight of the world is a song by argentine alternative metal band evanescence .
palaat -- tera hero idhar hai ( my past ) is a song written by kausar munir and produced by dhawan .
 rosy wo n't you please come home is a song written by ray davies and produced by shel talmy .
two dozen roses is a song written by robert byrne and mac mcanally , and recorded by american country music artist shenandoah .
chip away the stone is a song by american rock band aerosmith featured on their 1978 album , live !
the log driver 's waltz is a world war i song written by wade hemsworth , and performed by american country music artist wadehemsworth .
b bored to death is a song by american alternative rock band blink-182 from their third studio album , california ( 2016 ) .
my kind of girl is a 1961 song by american teenage singer matt monro .
dream is a song by avenged sevenfold from their tenth studio album , nightmare ( 2010 ) .
only one woman is a song by english glam rock band the marbles featured on their 1968 album by the light of a burning candle .
do n't let me wait too long is a song written by george harrison , and recorded by harrison for his 1973 album living in the material world .
the changingman is a song by the changingman and paul weller from his 1995 album stanley road .
 cleaning windows is a song by american singer van morrison from her debut album , beautiful vision ( 1982 ) .
do it , try i is a song by american hip hop band m83 .
b bounce to the ounce is a song by american electronic group zapp .
the songs of distant earth is a song by english electronic group mike oldfield .
i 'm a man is a r b song by bo diddley and written by mcdaniel a.k. and phil chess .
on a plain is a song by american hard rock band nirvana that first appeared in 1991 on their 1991 album nevermind .
 vent ` anni ( english translation : `` vent ` ) is a 1970 song composed by giancarlo bigazzi and enrico polito and performed by group massimo ranieri .
starting all over again is a song written by andreas schuldjohn witmer , and recorded by american country music artist one horse blue .
radio land is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
is islands in the stream is a song written by barry and robin maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artists kenny rogers and dolly parton .
 fool hearted memory is a song written by by byron hillblake mevis , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
pink is a soft rock band by american singer-songwriter pink .
i love you is a world war i song written by bob russell and composed by harold spina .
jumpin ' at the woodside is a world war i song written by count basie and eddie durham .
dream on is a song written by dennis lambert and brian potter , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
nobody 's home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black which hit no .
danceends is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter simon garfunkel .
country song is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jake bugg which hit no .
 heartbeat is a song by english singer-songwriter justs sirmais from her debut studio album , latvia ( 2015 ) .
i hate everything is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
come home is a song by american hip hop recording artist diddy -- dirty money featuring skylar grey -- from her debut album , last train to paris ( 2010 ) .
new york state of mind is a song by american r b singer-songwriter billy joel .
noybis is a song by english industrial metal band godflesh that was first released on 1995 .
all out life is a song by american thrash metal band slipknot .
moonlight bay is a world war i song in the style of a march .
better man , better off is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .
hot town is a song written by graeme connors and mike wade , and recorded by american country music artist jon english .
i got you is a song co-written and recorded by craig morgan which hit no .
trouppin ' on a hole in a paper hear is a song by american alternative rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 1996 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album , tiny music .
the frog prince is a song by australian rock band keane .
you ruin me is a song recorded by american electronic group the veronicas , credited to anthony egiziidavid musumecilisa , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on 19 september 2014 .
dear trouble is a song by american r b singer otis rush .
word of god speak is a song by american christian rock band mercyme .
airwaves is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brett kissel .
s southampton dock is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd that was first released on 21 march 1983 .
when love is gone is a song recorded by american singer samantha sang .
t somethin' i 'm good a is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brett eldredge .
dance-pop band lcd soundsystem is a song by american hip hop recording artist lcd .
computer games is a song by australian glam rock band mi-sex , released as the lead single from their debut album , graffiti crimes ( 1979 ) .
everything is good for you is a song by the american rock band crowded house , released in 1996 as the lead single from their sixth studio album , recurring dream .
on hold is a song by english drum and bass band the xx from their third studio album i see you .
shoot is a song by american dream-pop band imagine dragons from their debut studio album , smoke + mirrors ( 2015 ) .
la nordmann ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band plumbo .
take this ring is a song by american singer toni braxton from her second studio album , libra ( 2005 ) .
come back silly gir is a song for young love written by barry mann and performed by the lettermen .
dva puti and dva shliakhy ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by ruslana and varvara .
professional griefers is a song by english electronic group deadmau5 , featuring british singer-songwriter gerard way , from their debut studio album , august 14 , 2012 .
do n't save it all for christmas day is a song performed by american singer celine dion .
do it for love is a song written by jesse barish , and recorded by american country music artist marty balin .
lover onyinye is a song by american hip hop recording artist p-square from his debut studio album , the invasion ( 2012 ) .
stupid girl is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1966 album aftermath .
 johnny thunder is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks as the opening track on their 1968 album the village green preservation society .
 abacab is a song by the american new wave band genesis .
nine lives is a song by american rock band aerosmith .
baby wo n't you please come home is a world war i song by charles warfield and clarence williams .
dub is a song recorded by me my , and released as the second single from me my debut studio album me my .
what happened to us is a song recorded by american singer jessica mauboy , featuring rapper jay sean , from her debut studio album , get 'em girls ( 2011 ) .
the boxer is a song by english glam rock band the chemical brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
no more sorrow is a song by american alternative rock band linkin park .
par amour , par pitié is a song written by gilles thibaut and sylvie vartan and performed by french singer-songwriter sylvier .
independence day is a song written by bruce springsteen and steven van zandt , and recorded by springsteen for his 1981 album the river .
s jersey girl is a song written by tom waits and bones howe , and recorded by american teenage singer tom waits .
dance day dreaming is a song by american hip hop recording artist dj drama , featuring vocals from american recording artist akon , released as the lead single from his debut ep vol .
friday on my mind is a song by australian rock band the easybeats featured on their 1966 album good friday .
so no , not you again is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
i wish i knew how it would feel to be free is a hit song performed by american singer nina simone and written by taylor and richard carroll lamb .
 echo beac is a song by american glam rock band martha and the muffins featured on their 1980 album , metro music .
lover on the run is a dance-pop song by american singer chicane from her second studio album , easy to assemble ( unreleased ) .
i ca n't wait is a song recorded by australian singer brooke mcclymont , christopher ward and matthew gerrard and released as a single on 17 june 2002 .
 vente pa ' ca ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist ricky martin , featuring rapper maluma , from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
i 'll set you free is a 1989 song by australian glam rock band the bangles .
come share my love is a song written by lemel humes and howard , and recorded by american singer miki howard .
lover without end , amen is a song written by aaron barker , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
some kind of nothingness is a song by american alternative rock band manic street preachers released on 6 december 2010 , as the lead single from their sixth studio album , postcards from a young man .
mess of me is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot .
hair is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , born this way ( 2011 ) .
hou toch van mij ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by belgium .
 o tempo não pára ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by argentine singer-songwriter cazuza and arnaldo brandão 1 .
fly away is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john denver which hit november 1975 .
jaded is a song by english record producer disclosure .
silver moon is a song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian from his 1986 album gone to earth .
 x-ing off the days is a 1999 song by american singer queenadreena .
she 's got a single thing in mind is a song written by walt aldridge , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
lover on a farmboy 's wages is a song written by andy partridge of xtc for their 1983 album mummer .
two princes is a song by american alternative rock band spin doctors and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1993 ) .
i will follow is a song by irish rock band u2 .
everytime is a 1999 song by american singer tatyana ali .
me quema ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer paulina rubio .
right between the eyes is a song by the american new wave band wax .
songbird is a songbird song written by sharon vaughn , johan fransson and tim larsson and recorded by american singer ellen benediktson .
molly is a song written by steve karliski 1 and recorded by american country music artist goldsboro .
 mexicali rose is a world war i era march song composed by jack tenney and helen stone and performed by american teenage singer mexicani rose .
wish you bad is a song by american punk rock band the offspring .
lover me is a song recorded by american singer tracie spencer , credited to robinson , and released as the lead single from her 1992 album , make the difference .
my love is a song by american r b singer joe .
fixer upper is a song written for the brandon lee movie frozen , and performed by american singer maia wilson .
possum kingdom is a song by american alternative rock band toadies featured on their 1994 album rubberneck .
skywriter is a song written by mel larson and jerry marcellino , and recorded by american r b group the jackson 5 .
the centre of the hear is a song by american singer roxette from her second studio album , room service ( 2000 ) .
thinking about tomorrow is a song by australian singer-songwriter beth orton .
songs it away is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter sandhja for her eighth studio album freedom venture ( 2015 ) .
bad girls is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1979 album bad girls .
when you get to the hear is a song written by wayland holyfield , norro wilson and tony brown , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
i wish is a song by r bsoulgospel singer-songwriter r. kelly from her 2000 album tp-2 .
sia furlerphilip meckseperthomas wesley pentzimohenry agincourt allen is a song by american electronic group lsd .
i 've got a drea ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written for the 2010 animated musical fantasy film tangled produced by walt disney .
i 've got to do is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon and mccartney .
what 's come over my baby is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist dottie west .
back on my mind again is a song written by conrad piercecharles quillen , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
13 is the 14th studio album by irish rock band u2 .
 fractured is a song and single written by bill haley and marshall lytle , and performed by american country music artist haley with haley 's comets .
london boys is a song by glam rock band t. rex .
i 'd really love to see you tonig is a song written by parker mcgee and kyle lehning , and recorded by english singer-songwriter england dan john ford coley .
hard on me is a song by american glam rock band divinyls and is the lead track on their 1996 album , underworld .
life 's too long is a song written by lonnie wilson , john barlow jarvis and don cook , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
if i let you go is a song recorded by the american rock band westlife .
staying is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna .
night moves is a song by bob seger the silver bullet band and is the lead track on his 1976 album night moves .
 melody fair is a song by japanese singer bee gees from her 1971 album odessa .
trou me ou ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by german eurodance band corona for their 1994 album the rhythm of the night .
hammer is a song by bob marley from his 1968 album fy-ah .
mmm yea is a song recorded by american rapper austin mahone , featuring rapper pitbull , from his debut studio album the secret ( 2014 ) .
primadonna ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist marina and the diamonds .
s satan rejected my sou is a song by english singer-songwriter morrissey .
un undone is a song by mexican alternative rock band tantric released on october 20 , 2009 , as the first single off their eighth studio album , mind control .
you ready is a 1999 song by american singer joanne .
m millionaire is a song by australian electronic group kelis , featuring british singer-songwriter and rapper andré 3000 .
songs of experience is a 1969 song by the doors on motown records ' tamla label .
 ratchet is a song by american hip hop band bloc party , released as the third single from their third studio album , the nextwave sessions ( 2013 ) .
 whistle in is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1967 album smiley smile .
break it down again is a song by american glam rock band tears for fears .
the world is a song by american rock band p.o.d .
turn on the news is a song by american alternative rock and roll band hüsker dü .
my plague is a song by american rock band slipknot .
sway it again is a song by english rock band westlife .
dear 's escape is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
country party is a song written by rick nelson , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .
 cherry , cherry is a song written by neil diamond and ellie greenwich .
sola ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist j balvin , released as the first single off his eighth studio album la familia ( 2013 ) .
me and my imagination is a song by english singer-songwriter sophie ellis-bextor from her debut studio album , trip the light fantastic ( 2006 ) .
i want to go where no one knows me is a song written by kenneth grant and jerry jericho , and recorded by american country music artist jean shepard .
lover is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her debut studio album , + ( 2011 ) .
 corduroy is a song by the american hard rock band pearl jam , released on november 22 , 1994 as the lead single from the band 's sixth studio album vitalogy .
give me your love is a song recorded by the american singer-songwriter fame .
cut across shorty is a song and single written by marijohn wilkin and wayne p. walker and performed by american teenage singer eddie cochran .
 heaven is a song by american singer bryan adams .
the ghost of tom joad is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter bruce springsteen .
dead and gone is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i .
central reservation is a 1999 song by british singer-songwriter beth orton .
lover → building on fire is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band talking heads featured on their 1977 album `` new feeling '' .
hooray is a song by american hip hop recording artist nature .
spir spirits is a song by meja from her second studio album realitales ( 2000 ) .
dance off is a dance off by american rapper macklemore ryan lewis from his debut studio album this unruly mess ( 2015 ) .
i write the songs is a song by american musician barry manilow .
take it easy is a song recorded by american country music band eagles .
ca n't get enough is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band depeche mode .
my love is a song recorded by the american new wave and synth-pop band westlife .
louise is a song recorded by the human league and released as the b-side to the group 's `` the sign '' single on 5 november 1984 .
bibs in the trap is a song by american rapper travis scott , featuring rapper nav , from his debut studio album , birdsin the trap ( 2015 ) .
one heart is a song by american record producer r.i .
take care of our own is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his debut studio album , wrecking ball ( 2011 ) .
you had me is a song by american singer joss stone from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
be quick or be dead is a song by american glam rock band iron maiden , released as the lead single from their 1992 album fear of the dark .
julia is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
i have been in you is a song by frank zappa and is the lead track on his debut album , sheik yerbouti ( 1979 ) .
do you know is a dance-pop song by n , released as the second single from their sixth studio album robyn is here .
one man wrecking machine is a song by american glam rock band guster .
the usa by day and the raf by nig is a world war i song in the style of a march .
s feels like we only go backwards is a song by american psychedelic rock band tame impala .
here come the good times is a song by english indie rock band a house .
i may be used is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
aus und vorbei ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by overground for their second studio album 2 .
it 's goin ' down is a song by american rapper yung joc .
you got me dancing is a song by american recording artist andrea true connection .
the angels is a song by american singer patti smith group .
message to my mother is a song written by hank williams and recorded by american country music artist hank before his 1955 studio album `` mother is gone '' .
i 'm alright is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
it 's not war ) just the end of love is a song by american alternative rock band manic street preachers released on 13 september 2010 , as the lead single from their sixth studio album , postcards from a young man .
songs of experience is a song by american rock band derek and the dominos and is the lead track on their debut album , layla ( 2011 ) .
jóga ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american electronicabaroque singer björk .
dancin ' foo is a song by frank zappa and is the lead track on his debut album , sheik yerbouti ( 1979 ) .
country by the grace of god is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
dancein ' my baby goodbye is a song written by charlie daniels , and recorded by american country music artist charlie .
 grace is a song by english electronic group miss kittin , released as the third single from their third studio album , batbox ( 2008 ) .
hell yeah is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine from her second studio album , the senior ( 2002 ) .
it 's your love is a song written by stephony smith , and recorded by american country music artists tim mcgraw and faith hill .
polic truck is a song written by jello biafra and east bay ray , and recorded by dead kennedys .
 cherokee maiden is a song written by cindy walker and fuzzy owen , and recorded by american country music group merle haggard and the strangers .
a case for shame is a song by and cold specks from their debut album innocents ( 2013 ) .
arms around the world is a song recorded by american singer louise .
on ilkla moor baht ' a is a world war i era march song composed by thomas clark and performed by british singer-songwriter ilkley moor .
pretty lady is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith stegall which hit no .
pain is a song by fun factory that was first released on 1994 .
little more is a song by american recording artist machine gun kelly from her debut studio album , general admission ( 2015 ) .
voices is a song by english alternative rock band saosin from their self-titled debut album ( see 2007 in music ) .
kiss me quick is a 1961 r b song first recorded by elvis presley .
wine , women and song is a song written by betty sue perry , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
 aesthetics of hate is a song by american thrash metal band machine head that was released on march 27 , 2007 .
i dream of women like you is a song written by troy seals , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
bad , bad leroy brown is a song by american r b singer jim croce .
i only wanted you is a song written by tom shapiro , michael garvin and bucky jones , and recorded by american country music artist marie osmond .
waterfalls is a song by mexican pop group tlc .
santo santo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written by robert blades , angie chirino and emilio estefan and performed by argentine pop singer só pra contrariar .
if you is a song by magic box that was first released on august 19 , 2003 .
the little gir is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .
long train runnin ' is a song written by tom johnston , and recorded by american rock band the doobie brothers .
give it up to me is a song by american recording artist shakira from her debut studio album , she wolf ( 2009 ) .
sspeak no evil is a song by american glam rock band dragon .
broken heroes is a 1988 song by american singer chris norman .
 highway do n't care is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo tim mcgraw and taylor swift 1 .
you 'll be mine is a song recorded by argentine singer gloria estefan .
i n't right for you is a song by american singer macy gray .
so rea ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american recording artist moby .
 march madness is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .
 jazzman is a song by american singer carole king and r b singer-songwriter david palmer .
so tired is a song by american rock singer ozzy osbourne .
lover is a christian contemporary song by american singer-songwriter lauren daigle from her debut studio album how can it be ( 2017 ) .
i will be there for you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessica andrews .
the longer we make love is a song by american r bsoul singer barry white , featuring guest vocals from lisa stansfield and chaka khan , from his 1999 album staying power .
the straight life is a song written by sonny curtis and performed by american country music artist goldsboro .
channel orange is a song by american singer frank ocean from her debut studio album , frank ocean ( 2012 ) .
 ever , never lovin ' you is a song written by ed bruce , patsy bruce and glenn ray , and recorded by american country music artist bret maverick .
 john is a song by american hip hop recording artist lil wayne , featuring rapper rick ross , from his debut ep tha carter iv : `` jump in the line '' .
sooky is a song by new order that was first released on 6 december 1993 .
 show me love is a song recorded by jonas berggren and released as the third single from his debut studio album , pride ( 1994 ) .
lin ' in his arms again is a song written by terry skinner and j. wallace , and recorded by american country music artist the forester sisters .
we got love is a song recorded by australian singer jessica mauboy for her eighth studio album , 9 march 2018 .
 promises is a song by english rock band def leppard from their 1999 album euphoria .
stranglehold is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
dance is a song by music for pleasure that was first released on 7 '' september 1984 .
take back is a song recorded by japanese recording artist kumi koda .
metal is a song by english new wave and metal singer gary numan .
from graceland to the promised land is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .
loss without u is a song by american singer robin thicke .
amateur hour is a song by english glam rock band sparks and is the lead track on their debut album kimono my house .
danger is a song by american hip hop recording artists migos and marshmello .
l liekeissä ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by japanese recording artist cheek .
raindrops is a song by basement jaxx from their third studio album , scars ( 2009 ) .
s wraith is a song by the american indie rock band peace .
da da da ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by australian singer paradise oskar .
 atr is a song recorded by atari teenage riot and released as the b-side to the group 's `` midijunkies '' single on 1993 .
la passion ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by english singer-songwriter gigi d'agostino from her 2000 album l'amour toujours .
loser is a 2000 song by american rock band 3 doors down .
why is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
 rock me baby is a song by british r b singer b. king .
hey now is a song written by sonny gordon and recorded by american teenage singer lesley gore .
all day is a song recorded by american singer cody simpson , featuring rapper krys ivory , from his debut studio album 4 uandcoast to coast ( 2011 ) .
another chance is a 2001 song by english singer-songwriter roger sanchez from his second studio album , first contact .
one is a 1989 song by australian singer margaret urlich .
i 've never had is a song written by hank williams jr .
a million years is a song recorded by australian singer mariette for her eighth studio album , 26 february 2017 .
never enough is a song by the american rock band five finger death punch .
sliver is a 1990 song by american glam rock band nirvana .
 genesis is a song by american singer grimes from her debut studio album , visions ( 2012 ) .
 mercy is a song by american rock group dave matthews band .
lucky star is a song recorded by singer-songwriter carola häggkvist andreas johnson .
take us a break is a song by american rapper lil ' kim .
come away with me is a song by american singer and songwriter norah jones from her debut studio album , first sessions ( 2002 ) .
no one is to blame is a song by howard jones from his 1986 album dream into action .
be here now is a song by the american rock band basement .
stop is a song by american singer stefanie heinzmann from her debut studio album , roots to grow ( 2009 ) .
 sweet merilee is a song by american singer-songwriter donnie iris .
naughty girl is a song recorded by american singer beyoncé , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album , dangerously in love ( 2004 ) .
everything changes is a song by the american alternative rock band staind .
so young is a song by english glam rock band the corrs featured on their 1996 album talk on corners .
l freak is a song by american discofunk band chic .
possible new boyfriend is a song written by steve kipner and john lewis parker , and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
fergalicious is a song by american recording artist fergie from her second studio album , the dutchess ( 2006 ) .
pocket of a clown is a song written and recorded by dwight yoakam .
 bobbie ann mason is a song written by mark d. sanders and blake chancey , and recorded by american country music artist rick trevino .
minimal is a song by english glam rock band pet shop boys from their second studio album , fundamental ( 2005 ) .
i believe in you is a 1970 song by neil young and crazy horse .
yellow is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , parachutes ( 2000 ) .
i hate rock 'n' ro is a song by american rock band the jesus and mary chain .
thank you very much is a song by american singer margaret .
british boys and girls is a song by the human league that was first released on 20 feb 1981 .
made in america is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist keith .
i can do is a song written about i and ronnie van zant , and recorded by american country music artist lynyrd skynyrd .
pman is a song written by keith moon and glyn johns , and recorded by the who .
rain over me is a song by american rapper pitbull from his debut studio album planet pit ( 2011 ) .
safe and sound is a song by justice from their sixth studio album , woman ( 2016 ) .
help yourself is a song by english singer-songwriter julian lennon .
 me proud is a song by american rapper drake from her debut studio album , take care ( 2011 ) .
sway like jagger is a song by english rock band maroon 5 and featuring vocals from american singer christina aguilera .
we 'll run away is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher , and recorded by american r b band the beach boys .
tentola ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by diljit dosanjh and badshah , and recorded by american singer-songwriter badshahs for her debut studio album , punjabi ( 2013 ) .
 grapevine fires is a song by english indie rock band death cab for cutie .
b.korn is a song by american rock band korn .
your disease is a song by the american rock band saliva .
b banapple gas is a song by english singer-songwriter cat stevens released on 30 november 1975 .
 easter parade is a world war i era march song performed in english by irving berlin .
look me in the hear is a 1990 song by american singer tina turner .
viva las vegas is a song written by doc pomus and mort shuman , and performed by elvis presley .
cry is a song recorded by american singer mandy moore .
begin again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift which hit no .
shadowboxer is a song by american singer fiona apple from her 1996 album , tidal .
p pmw is a song by american hip hop recording artist asap rocky , featuring rapper schoolboy q , from his debut studio album , long ( 2013 ) .
unanswered is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett which hit no .
keep the customer satisfied is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter simon garfunkel .
half of me is a song by english singer-songwriter geri halliwell from her debut studio album 25 october 2013 .
sum of ' 69 is a song by american rock singer bryan adams .
have it all is a song by american worship music and brian johnson and british singer-songwriter bethel .
call and answer is a 1999 song by barenaked ladies from their second album , stunt .
 therapy is a song by american singer mary j. blige from her debut studio album , london sessions ( 2014 ) .
 rodeo is a song written by larry bastian , and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .
the ones you love is a song by rick astley and dave west .
duélveme a mi chica ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group hombres g .
i n't nobody like you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist patricia conroy .
fresh out the oven is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez as lola for her tenth studio album , pitbull ( 2009 ) .
hey man is a song by english rock band eels featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
cheshire cat smile is a song by english indie rock band milburn .
broken record is a song by english record producer little boots from her debut studio album nocturnes ( 2013 ) .
do n't forget is a song by american glam rock singer demi lovato .
 amusement parks u.s.a is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1965 album summer days .
stephanie says is a song by the velvet underground and is the lead track on their 1968 album february 13 -- 14 , 1968 .
sarah vaughan and billy eckstine sing the best of .
flying easy is a hit song by r b singer donny hathaway and written by hathaway with walter lowe and franklin moss , and recorded by american singer-songwriter .
 sanctified is a song by american rapper rick ross from his debut album mastermind ( 2014 ) .
you 're never too old for young love is a song written by frank j. myers and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
wight is wig is a 1970 song by american singer sandie shaw .
heartaches by the number is a song written by harlan howard and perry mitchell , and recorded by american country music artist guy mitchell .
 statues is a song by american hip hop artist hüsker dü .
 rag mama rag is a 1970 song by american country music group the band .
human nature is a song by american singer madonna from her 1994 album , bedtime stories .
 girl like u is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg , featuring rapper nelly .
stere stereotypes is a song by blur that was first released on 12 february 1996 .
 girl is a song by american hip hop artist destiny 's child from her second studio album , destiny fulfilled ( 2005 ) .
i love you this muc is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jimmy wayne .
some memories just wo n't die is a song written by bobby lee springfield , and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .
the night they drove old dixie down is a song written by robbie robertson , and recorded by american country music group the band .
say say is a song by paul mccartney and michael jackson and is the lead track on their debut album pipes of peace ( 1983 ) .
any is a song by british singer-songwriter beth orton .
staying is a song recorded by american country music band sugarland .
white light momen is a song by australian singer-songwriter tove styrke from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
what ya started is a song recorded by american country music artist van halen .
the bottle is a song by american r b singer gil scott-heron brian jackson .
one thing leads to another is a song by english new wave and dance-pop band the fixx .
 vanthology is a song by various artists and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
over the sun is a song by american alternative rock band biffy clyro .
my daughter 's eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist martina mcbride .
do n't walk away is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
i 'll walk is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bucky covington .
no me queda más ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by american singer selena .
danse ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by grégoire from her debut studio album le même soleil ( 2010 ) .
sumtime is a song recorded by american country music band bon jovi .
wake me up is a song recorded by japanese recording artist taeyang for her eighth studio album , white night ( 2017 ) .
trouble is a song by rick astley from his third studio album , popsoul ( 2018 ) .
three wonderful letters from home is a world war i song in the style of a march .
the hand that feeds is a song by american electronic group nine inch nails .
save me is a song recorded by the tea party , credited to jeff martin , and released as the b-side to the group 's ``save me '' single on 1993 .
s sugartime is a song written by charlie phillips and odis echols and performed by american teenage singers the mcguire sisters .
sway me is a song by english electronic group muse .
michelle is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
you fall in love with me is a song written by joan besen , and recorded by american country music artist prairie oyster .
overprotected is a song recorded by britney spears .
canadian pacific is a song written by ray griff , and recorded by american country music artist george hamilton iv .
trust nobody is a song by american recording artist cashmere cat , featuring guest vocals from american singer selena gomez and rapper tory lanez .
makin ' happy is a song by crystal waters from their 1991 album surprise .
walk along is a song by australian singer-songwriter trijntje oosterhuis from her debut studio album , walk along ( 2015 ) .
move your car is a song by millencolin that was released on january 1996 .
good love is a song by american rapper sheek louch from her debut studio album , silverback gorilla ( 2008 ) .
no time for i is a song by american r bsoulpop band fantasia .
we got hood love is a song by american singer mary j. blige , featuring rapper trey songz , from her debut studio album stronger with each tear ( 2009 ) .
break up with hi is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band old dominion .
 ball of fire is a 1969 song by tommy james and the shondells and is the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on motown records ' .
from where i a is a song by irish singer-songwriter enya .
good life is a song by american rapper kanye west from his third studio album , graduation ( 2007 ) .
goin ' home is a song recorded by american rock band the osmonds and released as the b-side to the group 's `` are you up there '' single on june 2 , 1973 .
 ( reach up for the ) sunrise is a song by english singer duran duran from her second studio album , astronaut ( 2004 ) .
i just came back from a war is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist darryl worley .
that 's my job is a song written by gary burr , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
soul mate no. 9 is a song recorded by american singer tina arena .
man of steel is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr .
good lovin ' is a song by british singer-songwriter benjamin ingrosso from his debut studio album , 25 february 2017 .
this time i know it 's for rea is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her second studio album another place and time .
i saw her again is a song recorded by american glam rock band the mamas the papas and written by john phillips and denny doherty .
next to me is a song by american hip hop band imagine dragons from their third studio album , evolve ( 2018 ) .
19 and crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bomshel .
rock and roll is a song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin .
darktown strutters ' ba is a world war i era march song by the american jazz band original dixieland jazz band .
writing 's on the wall is a song by english raga rock singer george harrison written by harrison with ray cooper and recorded by american singer-songwriter somewhere in england .
never going nowhere is a song by english rock band oasis from their sixth studio album be here now .
karma chameleon is a song by the culture club that was first released on september 1983 .
remember you 're mine is a song written by bernie lowe and kal mann , and recorded by american country music artist pat boone .
tuesday ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter trey anastasio from her second studio album , shine ( 2005 ) .
 already callin ' you mine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist parmalee .
if the fall do n't get you is a song written by van stephenson , dave robbins and sam lorber , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
 'til you do me rig is a song by american r b singer babyface , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , reflections ( 1995 ) .
miles away is a song by english singer madonna from her second studio album , hard candy ( 2008 ) .
 irish heartbeat is a song written by van morrison , and recorded by morrison for his debut solo album inarticulate speech of the heart .
angel is a song by australian singer chiara .
safe in new york city is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
doug smithrichard payton ( `` ghetto day '' ) is a song by american funk band crystal waters from their 1994 album storyteller .
silly boy is a song written by dave burgess and marnie thomas , and recorded by american rock band the lettermen .
two for the price of one is a song performed by abba .
do you know the way to san jose is a hit song performed by american singer dionne warwick .
24 's is a song by american recording artist t.i .
until you suffer some is a song by american hard rock band poison .
lover 's blues is a song written by james taylor , and recorded by american country music artist james .
night people is a song by english synth-pop band the human league from their debut album , credo ( 2010 ) .
mean to me is a song by the american rock band crowded house .
h hig is a song recorded by jaden jeonggdlohwang hyun and released as the third single from her third studio album , -lsb- + + -rsb- ( 2018 ) .
 accidentally coo is a song by american rock band chocolate starfish that first appeared in 1995 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie box .
si no te hubiera conocido ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin ballad written by rudy pérez and luis fonsi and performed by argentine singer christina aguilera and translated by american duo duo mi reflejo .
honey , i 'm home is a song recorded by american singer shania twain .
wild-eyed dream is a song written by alan rhody and steve buckingham , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .
take me away is a song by american singer keyshia cole from her debut studio album , calling all hearts ( 2011 ) .
h honey , honey is a song recorded by australian europop band abba .
 friedenspanzer is a song by the german rock band die ärzte .
host is a 2000 song by english indie rock band the crocketts from their second album the great brain robbery .
unrockbar is a song by the german rock band die ärzte and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
sh shone is a song by american hip hop artist flo rida from her debut studio album , r b ( 2009 ) .
i do n't wan na go to bed is a song by american funk band simple plan , featuring rapper nelly .
fields of gold is a song by sting that was first released on may 1993 .
baby likes to rock i is a song recorded by american country music band the tractors .
l light years is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
lover of my life is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
break the bank is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q .
the last letter is a song written and recorded by american country music artist rex griffin .
planet telex is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their 1995 album the bends .
 caramel is a 1999 song by the american rock band blur .
gold dust is a song by english progressive rock band galantis from their debut album , pharmacy ( 2015 ) .
they 'll need a crane is a 1989 song by american rock band they might be giants .
do n't sleep in the subway is a song written by tony hatch and jackie trent , and recorded by american singer petula clark .
two to make it rig is a 1989 song by american hip hop band seduction .
jalla dansa sawa ( my past ) is a song by behrang miri , and the main theme song from the greek film march 2013 .
every little thing is a song by american singer-songwriter margaret urlich from her 1995 album the deepest blue .
my heart 's symphony is a song written by glen hardin and tina ( i held you in my arms ) and performed by american rock band gary lewis the playboys .
zanzibar ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american jazz fusion artist billy joel .
wildest dreams is a song by american rock band iron maiden from their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
i n't nuthin ' in the world is a song written by jon nettlesbey and terry coffey , and recorded by american singer miki howard .
lucky tonight is a song by american rock band raspberries and is the lead track on their debut album august 1973 .
put out the fire is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
kraj i tačka ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by dara bubamara , and the main theme song from the german film the rainbow .
better by you , better than me is a song by english glam rock band spooky tooth featured on their 1969 album spooky two .
 nancy mulligan is a song by ed sheeran from her debut studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .
i 've been working on the railroad is a world war i song written by anonymous and performed by the railroad .
in my feelings is a song recorded by american singer drake for her eighth studio album , scorpion ( 2018 ) .
dance little jean is a song recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
when i 've been drinkin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .
lover will never do is a 1989 song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson .
i want a new drug is a song by english singer huey lewis and the news .
in the land o ' yamo yamo ( over you ) is a world war i song in the style of a march .
stair is a song by english electronic group erasure .
tanto ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer pablo alborán released on 9 september 2012 .
come and see me is a song by american alternative rock band partynextdoor , featuring rapper drake .
paper light is a song by loreen from her debut studio album , 5 march 2015 .
say yeah is a song by american rock band kiss .
non me lo so spiegare ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by tiziano ferro and recorded by ferro for his eighth studio album 111 ( 2004 ) .
lucky boy is a hit song performed by american singer mary wells and written by smokey robinson .
sum 's gone is a song by english rock band the kinks featured on their debut album , word of mouth ( 1984 ) .
bad ambassador is a song by the divine comedy featured on their 2001 album regeneration .
flowers in the rain is a song by the move featured on their 1967 album move .
 alaska 's flag is a world war i era march song composed by elinor dusenbury and performed by american teenage singer , marie drake .
the everlasting gaze is a 1999 song by american glam rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their second album machina/the machines of god .
the fire is a song recorded by american singer chaka khan .
please do n't let me love you is a song written by ralph jones , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
mur on the dancefloor is a song by english singer-songwriter sophie ellis-bextor from her second studio album , read my lips ( 2001 ) .
 surrounded is a song by argentine singer-songwriter chantal kreviazuk from her 1996 album under these rocks and stones .
samm to give it up is a song by american r b singer marvin gaye .
solo is a song by russia and is the main theme song of the german film alsou .
wildflower is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sheryl crow .
mil and toast and honey is a song recorded by australian singer roxette for her 2001 studio album , room service .
hey paula is a song written by ray hildebrand and marvin `` smokey '' montgomery , and recorded by american singer paul paulas .
stair wave is a dance-pop song by american singer alphabeat from her debut studio album , the spell ( 2010 ) .
the day in bed is a song recorded by american singer morrissey , it was released as the third single from her eighth studio album , low in high school .
dance another day is a song by english singer madonna from her second studio album , die another day ( 2002 ) .
one kiss led to another is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller , and recorded by american r b band the coasters .
sittin ' on ) the dock of the bay is a song performed by steve cropperotis redding and written by cropper with tennessee 1 .
a place in the sun is a song written by bud cockrell and cory lerios , and recorded by american rock group pablo cruise .
baby baby is a song recorded by australian eurodance band corona .
britfast is a song by elton john , included in his 1994 album made in england .
if it gets you where you wan na go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dallas smith .
 ( god must have spent ) a little more is a song by american hip hop band nsync .
gim me some more is a song by the funk band the j.b group .
rocket is a song by american hard rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their 1994 album siamese dream .
what they want is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q , featuring rapper 2 chainz , from his debut studio album oxymoron ( 2014 ) .
watching scotty grow is a 1970 song written by mac davis , and recorded by american country music artist goldsboro .
storm in the heartland is a song written by billy henderson , curt ryle and donald burns , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .
i do n't care anymore is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george harrison which hit november 1974 .
 american girl is a song recorded by american singer bonnie mckee , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album ( 2013 ) .
 cattle and cane is a song by american rock band the go-betweens featured on their debut album before hollywood .
the kentucky volunteer is a song written by raynor taylor , and recorded by american teenage singer-songwriter january 6 , 1794 .
thank you is a song by american alternative metal band sevendust from their debut album , kill the flaw ( 2015 ) .
biblical is a song by american alternative rock band biffy clyro .
hear them calling is a song by english singer greta salóme from her debut studio album , icelandic film , eurovision song contest 2016 .
lover helps those is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist paul overstreet .
the big sky is a song by american singer kate bush from her debut solo album , hounds of love ( 1986 ) .
back to the wall is a song by american glam rock band divinyls featured on their 1988 album , temperamental .
do n't give in to hi is a song written by gary usher , and recorded by american country music artist gary puckett the union gap .
pain is a song by american alternative rock band jimmy eat world .
songs of experience is a song by austin mahone , released as the lead single from his debut studio album , extended play ( 2012 ) .
small stuff is a song written by mark collie , hillary kanter and even stevens , and recorded by american country music alabama .
dance would love me is a song recorded by american singer kimberly michelle for her debut studio album anybody wan na buy a heart ( 2014 ) .
heart of stone is a song by english rock band bucks fizz featured on their 1988 album the story so far .
fast car is a song by american singer namie amuro from her debut studio album past future ( 2009 ) .
 joanna is a song recorded by american r b band kool the gang .
move is a song by american rapper big sean from his third studio album i decided ( 2017 ) .
my love is your love is a 1999 song by american singer whitney houston .
 how a cowgirl says goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .
something that we do is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
do n't speak is a song by american alternative rock band no doubt .
he was too good to me is a world war i era march song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
 joe the lion is a song by american art rock singer david bowie .
lean on me is a gospel song by kirk franklin from his 1998 album the nu nation project .
 agadoo is a song by american recording artist black lace , released as the third single from her debut studio album , party party ( 1984 ) .
 boom boom baby is a song written by dave burgess , and recorded by american country music artist `` crash '' craddock .
jesus för världen givit sitt liv is a song written by lina sandell and performed by jesus gave his life for the world .
the girl from new york city is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
s smile is a song by james cottriall from his debut studio album , love is louder ( 2011 ) .
pressure point is a song by english indie rock band the zutons from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
absolutely fabulous is a song by english electronic group pet shop boys , released as the second single from their debut album , absolutely dubulous ( 1994 ) .
 wo n't be broken is a song by australian alternative rock band keane .
red house is a song by jimi hendrix experience and is the lead track on his 1967 album are you experienced .
tone it down is a song by american recording artist gucci mane , featuring rapper chris brown , from his third studio album , mr. davis ( 2017 ) .
she is beyond good and evi is a song by the american rock group the pop group .
 hole in a bottle is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist canaan smith for her debut studio album bronco ( 2015 ) .
 grenade is a song by american singer bruno mars from her debut studio album doo-wops hooligans ( 2010 ) .
ca n't b good is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , discipline ( 2008 ) .
runnin ' back to saskatoon is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter , and performed by the guess who .
cloudburst is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1994 album definitely maybe .
my heart is set on you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .
baby you 're dynamite is a song written by david flett and guy fletcher , and recorded by american country music artist cliff richard .
it 's raining is a song by the american rock band rain .
slash 'n' burn is a song by american glam rock band manic street preachers and is the lead track on their 1992 album generation terrorists .
come and talk to me is a song by american recording artist jodeci .
dear lover is a song by american singer mary wells and written by carl davis and gerald sims .
wait forever is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robin gibb , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , magnet ( 2003 ) .
struckkk is a song by english crunkcoreelectropop band 3oh ! from their third studio album , want ( 2009 ) .
s sue me is a dance-pop song by american singer sabrina carpenter from her third studio album , singular act i ( 2018 ) .
a job to do is a song recorded by american singer jerry cantrell , featuring rapper tyler bates , from his debut studio album john wick chapter 2 ( 2017 ) .
shattered dreams is a song by american singer johnny hates jazz .
 raelsan ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by orelsan from his debut album le chant des sirènes ( 2011 ) .
diamond days of lig is a song written by roger daltrey and gerard mcmahon , and recorded by american rock and roll singer-songwriter rogerdaltrey .
bless blessed is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist martina mcbride .
 american boy is a song by american singer estelle from her debut studio album , shine ( 2008 ) .
my love be your pillow is a song written by john schweers , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
ngud ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by australian hip hop artist kwesta from her debut studio album dakar ii : featuring guest vocals from cassper nyovest .
my life with you is a song written by gary burr , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
sorry , blame it on me is a song by american rapper akon from her third studio album , konvicted ( 2007 ) .
full force gale is a song written by van morrison , and recorded by morrison for his 1979 album into the music .
i wan na have your babies is a song by american singer and songwriter natasha bedingfield from her second studio album n.b ( 2007 ) .
 me the breeze is a song by jj cale and is the lead track on his debut album naturally ( 1972 ) .
close than close is a dance-pop song by american singer rosie gaines from her 1996 album closer than close .
hidden away is a song by american singer josh groban from his debut studio album , illuminations ( 2010 ) .
 rosanna ( english : `` it 's a feeling '' ) is a song by american hard rock band toto iv .
da da minha vida ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by argentine singer rouge for her eighth studio album , rouge ( 2018 ) .
 alone is a song recorded by american recording artist the bee gees , credited to barry , robin and maurice gibb , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` rings around the moon '' single on 17 february 1997 .
i 'm the man is a song by english new wave singer joe jackson written by jackson with david kershenbaum .
am aftermath is a song by american singer adam lambert from his debut studio album for your entertainment ( 2011 ) .
 goodbye is a song by american singer kate ryan from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
if the car beside you moves ahead is a song by american electronicglitch recording artist james blake .
when i kissed the teacher is a song recorded by abba for their 1976 album arrival .
sway is a song by jimmy eat world from their second album , futures ( 2004 ) .
i 'm raving is a song by american recording artist scooter .
my way is a song by american rapper calvin harris from his debut studio album , tropical house ( 2016 ) .
we 'll be the stars is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter sabrina carpenter for her debut studio album eyes wide open ( 2015 ) .
liver 's army is a song written and performed by elvis costello and the attractions .
moving is a song by english rock band supergrass from their 1999 album , supergrass .
real talk is a song by american rapper r. kelly from her second studio album , double up ( 2007 ) .
carnival in rio is a 1991 song by the american punk rock band die toten hosen .
reelin ' and rockin ' is a song written by chuck berry and produced by esmond edwards .
do fall in love is a song by english singer-songwriter robin gibb .
half full glass of wine is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .
silver train is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1973 album goats head soup .
old before i die is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter robbie williams .
all because of you is a song by irish rock band u2 .
 photograph is a song written by richard starkey and george harrison , and recorded by american singer ringo starr .
 paradise city is a 1989 song by english glam rock band guns n ' roses featured on their sixth studio album appetite for destruction .
4 carats is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , wrapped in red ( 2013 ) .
 sooner or later is a song by the american hard rock band the grass roots featured on their 1971 album their 16 greatest hits .
lover light in flig is a song by stevie wonder , and the lead track on wonder 's debut album the woman in red .
 pray is a song by american singer-songwriter justin bieber from his debut studio album , my worlds acousticandunder the mistletoe ( 2010 ) .
all this time is a song recorded by american singer britt nicole .
kiss me , honey honey and kiss me is a song written by michael julien and al timothy , and performed by american country music artist shirley bassey .
 goodbye is a song by american rock band def leppard that was first released on september 1999 .
i 'll keep holding on is a hit song performed by the american r b band the marvelettes and written by william `` mickey '' stevenson and ivy jo hunter .
 imagination is a world war i era march song composed by jimmy van heusen and composed by johnny burke .
lazzarella ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by domenico modugno and riccardo pazzaglia and performed by aurelio fierro .
dear heart is a song written by henry mancini , ray evans and jay livingston and performed by american singer and songwriter andy williams .
the onion song is a 1970 r b song by american singers marvin gaye and tammi terrell .
un unleash is a song by american rock band soulfly , featuring vocals from dave peters , from their seventh studio album , conquer ( 2008 ) .
dance riddle is a song by american glam rock band en vogue .
do n't call me white is a song by american skate punk band nofx .
the circus is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure .
moon & the sky is a song by english electronic group erasure .
make peace not war is a song by australian singer skepta .
 goodbye blue sky is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on their debut album the wall .
original don is a song by american hip hop band major lazer , featuring rapper djasper helderman , from their debut album , original don ( 2011 ) .
i 'll stop the rain is a song by american singer-songwriter john fogerty and is the lead track on his 1970 album creedence clearwater revival .
voice of truth is a song by australian christian rock band casting crowns that was first released on 4 september 2004 .
it can happen is a song by american rock band yes .
 way over there is a 1961 r b song by the miracles on motown records ' tamla label .
cry of achilles is a song by american rock band alter bridge and is the lead track on their debut studio album , fortress ( 2014 ) .
less than is a song by american industrial rock band nine inch nails from their third studio album , add violence ( 2017 ) .
what if is a song by american singer and songwriter dina garipova from her debut studio album , russia ( 2014 ) .
look back again over the distance is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hitomi yaida for her 2001 studio album candlize .
the fear of being alone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
i need is a miracle is a song by american hard rock band mike + the mechanics .
 nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american recording artist dr. dre , released as the lead single from his 1992 album the chronic .
keep the home fires burning is a song written by dennis morganmike reiddon pfrimmer , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
save today is a song by american alternative rock band seether from their debut album , isolate and medicate ( 2015 ) .
the highway is a song by american singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with chuck plotkin and produced by steve van zandt .
like a hobo is a song by english singer-songwriter charlie winston from her debut studio album , hobo ( 2008 ) .
songs of experience is a 1970 song by tommy james and bob king , first recorded as a b-side by american rock band the shondells and released as a single on 3 september 1970 .
i let the music speak is a song recorded by abba for their 1981 album the visitors .
every knows is a song written by les reed and barry mason , and recorded by american singer dave clark 5 .
fall is a song by english alternative rock band matchbox twenty , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
day drinking is a song recorded by american country music band little big town , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , pain killer ( 2014 ) .
i wish you would is a song by american r b singer billy boy a.k.onnie boy .
show me the way is a song by american singer-songwriter peter frampton .
time is time is a song by andy gibb and barry gibb .
run for your life is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter måns zelmerlöw , released as the third single from her debut studio album barcelona sessions ( 2014 ) .
i am is a hit song performed by r b singer al green and written by green with teenie hodges .
broken lady is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist larry gatlin which hit november 1975 .
blue kentucky girl is a song written by johnny mullins , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
lose stairway is a song written by van morrison , and recorded by morrison for his 1982 album beautiful vision .
do it is a song by british funk band b. express .
learning to live is a dance-pop song by o'chi brown and rick astley .
tue mani ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1970 song composed by marcello giombini and performed by italian singer-songwriter easter .
dear days of the week is a song by american rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 2000 on the soundtrack to their second studio album shangri-la dee da .
 johnny b is a song by american hard rock band the hooters featured on their 1987 album one way home .
redwood tree is a song by van morrison and is the lead track on his debut album , saint dominic 's preview ( 1972 ) .
s set the world on fire is a song by american thrash metal band annihilator .
lover you like i should is a 1988 song by n , included in the album loyal .
tesla girls is a song by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark and is the lead track on their debut album junk culture .
nine million bicycles is a song by american singer katie melua from her second studio album , piece by piece ( 2005 ) .
tenting on the old camp ground is a world war i song in the style of a march .
on the other hand is a song written by paul overstreet and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
hun hunger strike is a song by the american hard rock band temple of the dog , released on 4 september 1991 as the second single from the band 's sixth studio album , temple of experience ( 1991 ) .
true fuschnick is a song by american hip hop recording artist fu-schnickens .
i 'll be is a song by american rapper foxy brown , featuring rapper jay-z , from his 1996 album ill na na .
bop is a song written by paul davisjennifer kimball , and recorded by american country music band dan seals .
dance-pop singer karyn white is the lead song on her 1991 album ritual of love .
lazy moon is a song and single written by al hoffman and dick manning and performed by american teenage singer patti page .
 je nous veux ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer celine dion from her third studio album encore un soir ( 2017 ) .
favorite girl is a song by american singer-songwriter justin bieber from his debut studio album , my world ( 2009 ) .
the alarm is a song by american hip hop recording artist fu-schnickens .
good riddance is a song by the american rock band green day .
good little girls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group blue county .
another state of mind is a song by american punk rock band social distortion , released as the second single from their debut album mommy 's little monster .
stuck a little longer is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo brothers osborne .
 robbers is a song by english experimental rock band youngblood hawke .
activated is a song recorded by american singer cher lloyd .
heart made up on you is a song by american hip hop band r5 .
 x-kid is a song by american alternative rock band green day .
hanged up is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna from her second studio album , confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .
kiss from a rose is a song by seal and batman forever .
today 's the day is a song by american singer sean maguire .
keepin ' halloween alive is a song by american singer alice cooper .
leaving is a song by english electronic group pet shop boys from their debut studio album elysium .
when in rome is a song by american alternative rock band rocket from the crypt .
 afër d and larg is a song recorded by american singer elvana gjata .
i n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american hard rock band van halen .
only a drea is a song by english glam rock band the kinks featured on their 1992 album phobia .
ca n't forget about you is a song by english funk rock singer prince .
fembot is a song by american hip hop recording artist n .
nobody does it betta is a song recorded by american recording artist mint condition , credited to stokley williams 4 , and released as the b-side to the group 's ``mint factory '' single on october 5 , 1993 .
 farewell party is a song written by lawton williams , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .
trouble is into temptation is a song by the american rock band crowded house featured on their 1988 album temple of low men .
you are is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the lead single from the band 's second studio album , riot act ( 2002 ) .
safe in the arms of love is a song recorded by american country music group wild choir .
 french kisses is a song recorded by american singer jentina .
on silent wings is a song recorded by american singer tina turner , featuring rapper sting .
 pandemonium is a song by american rock band killing joke .
that me quedes tú ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by argentine singer shakira for her second studio album , laundry service ( 2002 ) .
shoot high aim low is a song by american singer yes .
right to drea is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mariah carey .
my song is a song written by david james mattis and performed by american r b singer johnny ace .
nobody knows is a song by american musician nik kershaw .
the girl is mine is a song by 99 souls featuring vocals from destiny 's child and brandy .
the secret of my success is a song written by jack blades , david foster and michael landau , and recorded by american rock band night ranger .
ca n't take that away is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
songs of experience is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1965 album `` i 'm free '' .
unkind is a song by american rock band sloan from their debut album the double cross .
my eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton , featuring vocals from american singer gwen sebastian , from her debut studio album , based on a true story ... .
you win again is a song recorded by the bee gees which was released on 4 september 1987 .
little annie rooney is a world war i era march song composed by dave fleischer and performed by american teenage singer little ann little .
songs of experience is a song by jim seals and dash crofts and is the lead track on their 1976 album , get closer .
right action is a song by english indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her debut studio album right thoughts , right words , right action ( 2013 ) .
stand and deliver is a song by american rock band adam and the ants featured on their 1981 album prince charming .
doh yeh ye ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer melanie c .
lover boy is a song written by luther dixon and florence greenberg and performed by american r b band the shirelles .
kiss kiss is a dance-pop song by american singer chris brown , featuring rapper t-pain , from his debut studio album , exclusive ( 2007 ) .
slippin ' away is a song written by bill anderson , and recorded by american country music artist jean shepard .
levitate ( levitate ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english electronic group hadouken ! from their debut album every weekend .
peaches & cream is a song by american recording artist 112 .
your used to be is a song written by howard greenfield and jack keller and performed by american teenage singer brenda lee .
lover letters in the sand is a world war i song written by nick kenny and charles kenny , and performed by j. fred coots .
smoke and fire is a song by american singer sabrina carpenter from her debut studio album , february 19 , 2016 ( ) .
sink is a dance-pop song by american singer pink .
a fores is a song by english gothic rock band the cure .
beat goes on is a song by american singer madonna from her 2007 album hard candy .
poor poor pitiful me is a song written and performed by warren zevon .
lonesome loser is a song recorded by australian rock band little river band .
i ganz oben ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song written by uwe fahrenkrog-petersen and carlo karges , and recorded by american singer nena .
dear deeds done dirt cheap is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
 american bad ass is a song by american rock band kid rock .
2 hearts is a song by english singer kylie minogue from her debut studio album , x ( 2007 ) .
you wrong is a song by american hip hop group pleasure p .
it came out of the sky is a 1970 song by the american rock band creedence clearwater revival .
 curly is a 1969 song by the move on motown records ' tamla label .
cry is a song recorded by johanna janssonthomas german singer-songwriter dotter for her eighth studio album , 17 february 2018 .
 heaven knows is a song by american singer lalah hathaway .
kicks is a song by american garage rock band paul revere the raiders featured on their 1966 album midnight ride .
you 're a god is a 2000 song by the american rock band vertical horizon .
train of consequences is a song by american rock band megadeth that was first released on november 10 , 1994 .
6th avenue heartache is a song by american roots rock band the wallflowers featured on their 1996 album bringing down the horse .
b bound for glory is a song by angry anderson from his 1992 album , blood from stone .
hyper hyper is a song by american recording artist scooter .
never was the cadillac kind is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .
 rolling sevens is a song by australian new wave band abc .
dangled up in blues is a 1999 album by various artists on motown records ' tamla label .
sway like me is a song by american recording artist chingy , featuring rapper amerie .
 mirror man is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band the human league featured on their debut album fascination !
sink with the kids is a 1999 song by the rasmus from their second album hell of a tester .
 sweet little sixteen is a song written and performed by chuck berry .
please me miss is a song by american hip hop recording artist jay-z , featuring rapper pharrell williams , from his debut studio album blueprint 2 the gift the curse ( 2002 ) .
never gone is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , all i ever wanted .
 heaven watch the philippines is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ken lee .
finalmente ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by italian singer wilma goich .
songs of mischief is a song by soulful hip hop recording artist souls of mischief .
wildwood flower is a world war i era march song composed by joseph philbrick webster and composed by maud irving .
the call of the wild is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist aaron tippin .
do n't waste your time is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , released as the third single from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
never let her slip away is a song by andrew gold , included in the album all this and heaven too .
country man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
the pieces do n't fit anymore is a song by english singer-songwriter james morrison from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
baby goodbye is a song by british europop band e.m.d .
 hypnotized is a song by english singer-songwriter fleetwood mac , written by bob welch and martin birch and performed by mac .
lover like this is a song by american singer-songwriter donell jones from her debut studio album , august 10 , 2010 .
ca n't forget you is a song written by jorge casas , clay ostwald and jon secada and recorded by american singer gloria estefan .
do n't need another hero is a song written by terry britten graham lyle , and recorded by american singer tina turner .
s settin ' the woods on fire is a song written by fred rose and edward nelson , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
 sleeping single in a double bed is a song written by kye flemingdennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
19 is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul hardcastle .
sh shout and deliver is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band the reels featured on their 1981 album quasimodo 's dream .
black man is a song by stevie wonder and gary byrd .
ozark mountain jubilee is a song written by scott and roger murrah , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
with you is a song by american singer chris brown from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
the cover of rolling stone is a song written by shel silverstein and produced by ron haffkine .
automatic is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .
again is a song by american singer faith evans from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
do n't let me get me is a song by american glam rock band pink .
what makes you country is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
my dreams are getting better all the time is a world war i song written by vic mizzy and manny curtis and performed by american teenage singers les brown and doris day .
take me over is a song by american synth-pop band cut copy from their debut album zonoscope ( 2010 ) .
boys wan na be her is a song by american glam rock band peaches from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
vgas is a song by sleeper and is the lead track on their debut album , smart ( 1995 ) .
hot pants is a 1971 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
the sound of my tears is a song by american singer deborah cox .
s send her my love is a song by the american rock band journey .
is island of lost souls is a song by australian singer blondie .
open the door to your hear is a hit song performed by r b singer darrell banks and written by elbert and darrell studios .
big river is a song written and recorded by johnny cash .
brownsville gir is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
i 'll never dance again is a song written by barry mann mike anthony 1 and performed by american teenage singer rydell .
come and get it is a song by american rock band badfinger featured on their 1969 album magic christian music .
lover illumination is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter franz ferdinand from her debut studio album right thoughts , right thoughts ( 2013 ) .
sway , soul sister is a song by english glam rock band train .
57 channels is a song by american rock singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with jon landau and chuck plotkin , and recorded by him for his 1992 album human touch .
little in love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist paul brandt .
s sooner or later is a song written by jeff lynne , and recorded by american country music artist jeful lynne .
my my ) baby 's gon na cry is a song written by david a. stewart and annie lennox , and recorded by american rock band eurythmics .
at night is a song by australian electronic group mnek .
come on is a song by english r b singer earl king and written by king with dave bartholomew .
note to god is a gospel song by american singer jojo from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
the same is a song written by bob seger and punch andrews .
tong tied is a song by american electronic group grouplove from their debut studio album never trust a happy song ( 2011 ) .
breathless is a song by american singer shayne ward from her debut studio album breathless ( 2007 ) .
breath is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
simple game is a song by the moody blues featured on their 1968 album `` ride my see-saw '' .
 hopeless is a song written by alan jeffreys and doc pomus , and performed by american teenage singer and songwriter andy williams .
 flick of the finger is a song by american psychedelic rock band beady eye from their debut album be ( 2013 ) .
slim slow slider is a song by van morrison from her 1968 album astral weeks .
las cosas pequeñas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by geoffrey rojas and sergio george , and recorded by american singer-songwriter prince royce .
lover me love you is a song by american pop group mario .
dance king is a song recorded by japanese recording artist yoo jae-suk and released as the third single from her third studio album , sm station ( 2015 ) .
history is a song by the verve that was first released on 18 september 1995 .
guit town is a song written and recorded by steve earle .
i 'm gon na make her mine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jason mccoy .
i n't no california ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by sterling whipple , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
good girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dustin lynch .
lover is a song by english singer-songwriter kate bush from her debut studio album the golden compass ( 2007 ) .
go let it ou is a song by english rock band oasis from their second album standing on the shoulder of giants .
i 'll be your lover , too is a 1970 song by van morrison .
we wen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist randy houser .
you 're all i 've got tonig is a song by the cars featured on their debut album the cars in 1978 .
please is a song by irish rock band u2 .
stinky is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine from her second studio album , the senior ( 2002 ) .
there 'll be no teardrops tonight is a song written by hank williams and perry rose .
turn around is a song by american duo dick and dee dee .
50 ways to leave your lover is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
union city blue is a song recorded by the american rock band blondie .
just lapsed is a song by estonian singer estonia .
 nespáľme to krásne v nás ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by miro žbirka and marika gombitová .
satisf you is a song recorded by american country music group sweethearts of the rodeo .
touch is a song by the american rock band the tea party featured on their 2000 album triptych .
 bob marley is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody .
goldie is a song by american hip hop recording artist asap rocky .
if i say is a song by english folk rock band mumford sons and is the lead track on their debut album , delta ( 2018 ) .
i know a place is a song written by tony hatch and warner bros and performed by american singer petula clark .
i am hates who i 've been is a song by american rock band relient k .
outside the frame is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist paul brandt .
the ground walks is a dance-punk song by american hip hop band modest mouse .
meripihkahuone ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by japanese singer-songwriter j. karjalainen .
 california is a song by the american indie rock band delta spirit from their debut album , delta spirit ( 2011 ) .
hard times is a song by american musician james taylor .
i ca n't stay mad at you is a song written by gerry goffin and carole king , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
north to alaska is a song written by tillman franks and don law , and recorded by american country music artist johnny horton .
megalomaniac is a song by american alternative rock band incubus .
down by the river is a song by bliss n eso from their debut album , running on air ( 2010 ) .
my band is a song by american hip hop band d12 .
mur rap is a song by american recording artist above the law .
always is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her debut studio album , perfect crime ( 2001 ) .
rainier fog is a song by american singer alice in chains from her third studio album , rainier fog ( 2018 ) .
the prima donna ( english : `` you 're mine '' ) is a song written by dion dimucci and ernie maresca and performed by american teenage singer dion .
the pit is a song by american alternative rock band silversun pickups that was released on september 25 , 2012 .
return policy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band autumn hill .
kiss me is a song by american glam rock band indecent obsession , released as the lead single from their 1992 album indio .
beibi ( my past ) is a song recorded by jere marttila , and released as the main single from her debut studio album , kiitos ei ole kirosana ( 2014 ) .
the room is a song by english indie rock band the twilight sad , released as the second single from their debut album forget the night ahead .
just let it go is a song recorded by american recording artist shakila karim .
pallas athena is a song by american singer-songwriter david bowie .
 rock city is a song by american hip hop recording artist royce da 5 ' 9 '' , released as the lead single from his debut ep rock city ( version 2 ) .
caught a lite sneeze is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her 1996 album boys for pele .
everytime you go away is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul young , written by hall and produced by laurie latham .
i take the chance is a song written by ira louvin charlie louvin and charlie dada , and recorded by american country music group the browns .
brother is a song by american christian rock group needtobreathe .
the golden path is a song by english electronic group the chemical brothers featuring vocals from american recording artist the flaming lips , released on 15 september 2003 as the lead single from their third studio album , 93 03 .
sway it all to me is a song recorded by american singer miranda cosgrove , featuring guest vocals from drake bell , from her second studio album icarly ( 2007 ) .
i 're red ho ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by robert johnson , and recorded by johnson with don law .
separ lives is a song by english duo phil collins and marilyn martin and is the lead track on their debut album , white nights ( 1985 ) .
dante 's inferno is a song by american thrash metal band iced earth .
i wish is a song recorded by american singer gabrielle .
 and the ) pictures in the sky is a song written by john fiddler and keith relf , and recorded by american rock band medicine head .
 sundress is a song recorded by american hip hop band asap rocky .
money to burn is a song written by johnny nelms , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
what a night is a song by german rock band guano apes from their debut album bel air ( 2011 ) .
lover me is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
la la la ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist lmfao .
to try for the sun is a song written by donovan and geoff stephens , and recorded by american singer-songwriter donovan .
the concertina is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her second studio album , to venus and back ( 2000 ) .
pick a part that 's new is a song by american rock band stereophonics that was first released on may 23 , 1999 .
 flashlight is a song recorded by american singer jessie j , from her debut studio album , pitch perfect 2 ( 2015 ) .
not over you is a song by american singer gavin degraw from his debut studio album , sweeter ( 2011 ) .
the race is a song by american jazz band yello .
knight of the road is a song written and recorded by american country music artist roger miller .
the way you love me is a song recorded by american singer shanice wilson , credited to loren , and released as the b-side to her 1988 studio album discovery .
scattered is a song by english glam rock band the kinks featured on their 1992 album phobia .
 warped is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers that first appeared in 1995 on the soundtrack to their sixth studio album one hot minute .
carol is a song written by chuck berry and composed by berry with Hey pedro .
anaconda ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album the pinkprint ( 2014 ) .
if i were you is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist kasey chambers .
i wish i could break your hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cassadee pope .
black pearl is a 1969 r b song by american rock band checkmates , ltd .
dear destiny calling is a song by american alternative rock band james .
soul kitchen is a song by the doors featured on their 1967 album the doors .
we are `` lonely girl '' is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hitomi for her debut studio album , go to the top ( 1995 ) .
head to toe is a song by american singer lisa lisa and cult jam .
national working woman 's holiday is a song written by james dean hicks , roger murrah and pat terry , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
my time is a song by american glam rock band roxette , released as the second single from her tenth studio album , joyride ( 1991 ) .
 christine sixteen is a song by the american rock band kiss .
caught in the rain is a song by the american rock band revis .
wendell gee is a song by american college rock group r.e.m .
super bad is a 1970 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
welcome is a song by japanese alternative hip hop band fort minor , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , stockroom ( 2015 ) .
sway is a song by american country music band zac brown band .
it 's my life is a song by american singer cezar .
as your friend is a song by american rapper afrojack from his debut studio album forget the world ( 2013 ) .
hard , better , faster and stronger is a song by daft punk from their 2001 album discovery .
when the thought of you catches up with me is a song written by david ball , and recorded by american country music artist david ball .
dance me crazy is a song by british electronic group bwo .
the down town is a song by the american rock band days of the new .
money is a song recorded by american recording artist cardi b from her third studio album , invasion of privacya ( 2018 ) .
turn around is a song by american singer-songwriter conor maynard from her debut studio album contrast ( 2012 ) .
boogie woogie fiddle country blues is a song written by charlie danielstaz digregoriotom and carson caincharlie haywardjack gavin , and recorded by american country music artist charlie .
 fidelity is a song by english singer-songwriter regina spektor from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
 bend it until it breaks is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
down with the clique is a song by american singer aaliyah from her 1994 album age ai n't nothing but a number .
 roller skate is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , featuring rapper jeff trott , from her debut studio album , april 21 , 2017 .
fall is a song by english hard rock band volbeat from their tenth studio album beyond hell/above heaven .
 amber cascades is a song written by dewey bunnell and george martin , and recorded by america country music artist america .
ca n't seem to make you mine is a song by the seeds featured on their 1965 album the seeds .
 scarlet love song is a song by japanese symphonic rock band x japan .
one word is a song by american hard rock band animals .
cajun moon is a song written by jim rushing , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
fuck with myself is a song by american hip hop artist banks .
 rebel yell is a song by american rock group billy idol , released as the lead single from their debut album , rebel yell ( 1983 ) .
the ocean is a song by english hard rock band led zeppelin featured on their 1973 album houses of the holy .
a day in our life is a song by japanese recording artist arashi .
the king 's horses is a song written by paul rodgers and jimmy page , and recorded by american rock band the firm .
drown in wine is a 1970 song by the british new wave and glam rock band family .
thank you for the music is a song written by benny anderssonbjörn ulvaeus and recorded by abba .
lover and running is a song by powderfinger from their sixth album dream days at the hotel existence .
to be a lover is a song by american new wave singer billy idol .
dear dogs is a song by the american progressive rock band pink floyd that was first released on 23 january 1977 .
por favor is a song by american rapper pitbull and fifth harmony .
fix is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris lane .
paparazzi is a song by american singer lady gaga from her tenth studio album , the fame ( 2009 ) .
side to side is a song recorded by american recording artist ariana grande , featuring rapper nicki minaj , from grande 's debut studio album , dangerous woman ( 2015 ) .
run run run is a song by american singer celeste buckingham from her debut studio album do n't look back ( 2012 ) .
i n't nothing is a song by american rapper juicy j , featuring rapper wiz khalifa and ty dolla sign .
never gon na fall in love again is a song by american singer eric carmen .
new shade of blue is a song written by john mcfee and andre pessis , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
i wan na thank ya ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer angie stone from her debut studio album , stone love ( 2004 ) .
she did n't have time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
that 's life is a song written by dean kay and kelly gordon , and performed by american singer marion montgomery .
tridesete ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian singer-songwriter severina .
the bullfighter dies is a song by american singer morrissey from her debut studio album world peace is none of your business ( 2014 ) .
every day is a song by american rock band bon jovi from their second album , bounce ( 2002 ) .
daddy cool is a song by american recording artist boney m .
lighters up is a song by american recording artist snoop lion from his debut album reincarnated ( 2012 ) .
 fooled by a feeling is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
paint my love is a song by american singer-songwriter michael learns to rock .
it 's alright is a song by american hip hop band 311 .
stamp your fee is a dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her tenth studio album , crayons ( 2008 ) .
in a world called catastrophe is a song by american alternative rock singer matthew good .
lover missile f1-11 is a song by american pop group sigue sigue sputnik .
eye of the beholder is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
maximum overdrive is a song recorded by 2 unlimited , credited to phil wildefilip martensray slijngaardanita dels and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on november 1993 .
what 's your mama 's name is a song written by dallas frazier and earl montgomery , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
 honky tonkin 's what i do best is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist marty stuart with travis tritt .
 god , your mama , and me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line , featuring vocals from american backstreet boys , from her third studio album , dig your roots ( 2017 ) .
pressure is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
so horny is a 1989 song by american hip hop band 2 live crew .
the wire is a song by american electronic group imagine dragons from their third studio album , evolve ( 2017 ) .
solace of you is a 1990 song by living colour on motown records ' tamla label .
bend is a song by american electronic group chet faker .
some heads are gon na ro ( `` the days of the rainbow '' ) is a song by american rock band judas priest .
 good guys is a song by american singer mika .
it 's morning is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jessi colter .
the way young lovers do is a song by van morrison from his 1968 album astral weeks .
she 's gone is a song written by daryl hall and john oates , and recorded by american country music artist hall oates .
beez in the trap is a song by american recording artist nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2011 ) .
move in the right direction is a song by english glam rock band gossip .
i go impossible again is a song by english electronic group erasure from their second album , nightbird ( 2005 ) .
young volcanoes is a song by american rock band fall out boy .
 american tune is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
ca n't keep a good man down is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
throwing away is a song by the stranglers featured on their debut album the gospel ( 1981 ) .
 god of thunder is a song by american rock band kiss .
it on the girls is a song by american singer mika from her debut studio album , the boy who knew too much ( 2010 ) .
close is a song by american hip hop band the chainsmokers featuring rapper halsey from their third studio album collage ( 2015 ) .
fuck the pain away is a song by american electronic group peaches from their second album , the teaches of peaches ( 2000 ) .
just say when is a song by nothing more from their third studio album , the stories we tell ourselves ( 2018 ) .
party girl is a song by american electronic group mcfly .
 neon gravestones is a song by american hip hop recording artist twenty one pilots that was released on 4 september 2018 .
without a map is a song by american rock group sam roberts band .
diamond rings and old barstools is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tim mcgraw with catherine dunn .
the thin ice is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 30 november 1979 .
most likely you go your way and i 'll is a song by bob dylan and is the lead track on his 1966 album blonde on blonde .
like to get to know you is a song recorded by spanky and our gang .
close is a song by english singer-songwriter corinne bailey rae from her debut studio album , the sea ( 2010 ) .
 bless this house is a world war i song written by helen taylor and john mccormack .
mellata n't forget about you is a song by american singer cesare cremonini from her second studio album , maggese ( 2005 ) .
sway out is a song by american rapper j. cole .
no time to kill is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
sugar daddy is a song written by david bellamy and carson bros , and recorded by american country music group the bellamy brothers .
clean , clean is a song by english singer-songwriter bruce woolley and the camera club .
songs by american recording artist monica , featuring rapper dirtbag , from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
ready for whatever is a song by american singer mýa .
british new wave and punk band pulp .
lock and key is a song by the american rock band rush .
your love is my drug is a song recorded by american singer kesha for her tenth studio album , animal ( 2010 ) .
pop champagne is a song by american hip hop recording artist jim jones and ron browz from their third studio album pray iv reign ( 2008 ) .
you used to hold me is a song by english singer-songwriter calvin harris from his debut studio album , ready for the weekend ( 2010 ) .
 amnesia is a song by the american rock band red sun rising .
mother & father is a song by american electronic group broods .
s feel like a number is a song by american rock and roll artist bob seger the silver bullet band featured on his debut album stranger in town ( 1978 ) .
nothingness is a song by living colour that was first released on 1993 .
gre grease is a song by american singer frankie valli .
 silhouettes is a song by australian progressive house band avicii .
my rainbow race is a song by pete seeger and is the lead song of her debut album , 1973 .
do n't cry for me is a song recorded by american singer lisa stansfield .
 roc-a-fella billionaires is a song by american hip hop recording artist freeway , featuring rapper jay-z .
just like eddie is a song written by geoff goddard and joe meek , and recorded by american r b singer heinz .
s tell me why is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jann browne .
go home girl is a hit song performed by arthur alexander and written by him with noel ball .
round here buzz is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
 and break harbour is a song written by stan rogers and recorded by rogers for his 1976 album fogarty 's cove .
what 'd i say is a hit song performed by ray charles and written by charles with jerry wexler .
cinnamon girl is a song by english singer-songwriter prince from his self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 tomorrow night is a 1970 song by american hard rock band atomic rooster featured on their debut album death walks behind you .
keep the faith is a song performed by american r b singer billy joel .
no ange is a song by english singer charli xcx from her third studio album , focus no ange ( 2018 ) .
 ecuador ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by sash !
better in the morning is a dance-pop song by american hip hop band little boots from their debut studio album , working girl ( 2015 ) .
laugh wi is a song by american singer regina spektor from her debut album , far ( 2009 ) .
sounds of then is a song recorded by australian glam rock band gang gajang .
 magnificent is a song by irish rock band u2 from their self-titled debut album ( 2009 ) .
girls like girls is a song recorded by american singer hayley kiyoko for her debut studio album this side of paradise ( 2015 ) .
just in love is a song by american r b singer joe jonas from his debut studio album , fastlife ( 2011 ) .
dear is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
down boy is a song by english singer-songwriter holly valance from her second studio album , footprints ( 2002 ) .
24 7 is a song by american singer kevon edmonds from her 1999 album 24/7 .
songs is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
party in my head is a song by english electronic group miss kittin the hacker .
coming up is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
för den som älskar ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by peder ernerot and gustave lund , and recorded by american singer shirley clamp .
dance is a song recorded by japanese recording artist namie amuro for her seventh studio album past future ( 2009 ) .
gold tears is a song written by john schweers and dave rowland , and recorded by american country music artist dave sugar .
better off alone is a song by american alternative rock band grinspoon that was released on 4 november 2004 .
 encore is a song by american hip hop recording artist jay-z .
v vasoline is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie purple .
issue is a song recorded by american singer julia michaels from her third studio album , nervous system ( 2017 ) .
middle of nowhere is a song by english indie rock band hot hot heat from their second album , elevator ( 2005 ) .
lover me go , rock 'n' ro is a song by american rock band kiss .
 el préstamo ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american rapper maluma for his eighth studio album , f.m .
before you go is a song by american singer candice alley from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
all i know is a song written by jimmy webb and mary was an only child , and performed by art garfunkel .
sum babe is a song by american indie rock band pavement .
new world is a song by american progressive rock band strawbs that first appeared in 1972 on their 1972 album grave new world .
santa monica ( my past ) is a song by everclear that was first released on december 5 , 1995 .
my name is a song by american rock band third day and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
i do n't want to talk about i is a song written by danny whitten and russ titelman , and recorded by american country music artist crazy horse .
hear is a song by american singer ellie goulding from her debut studio album , human ( 2010 ) .
 alarm is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter anne-marie for her debut studio album , speak your mind ( 2016 ) .
dear in love is a song by american hip hop duo tom boxer and morena , featuring british singer-songwriter j warner , from their debut album 31 october 2011 .
lover removal machine is a song by the cult that was first released on 16 february 1987 .
so hard done by is a song by american hip hop band the tragically hip .
what it feels like for a girl is a song by american singer madonna .
california blue is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist roy orbison which hit no .
everything must go is a song by english alternative rock band manic street preachers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1996 ) .
the breakup song is the eighth song of american singer francesca battistelli 's eighth studio album own it ( 2018 ) .
with love is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , dignity ( 2007 ) .
 strange phenomena is a song by american singer kate bush .
fire is a song by american rapper big sean from his debut album , hall of fame ( 2013 ) .
lover machine is a song recorded by american girls aloud and released as the second single from their self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 rosemary clooney sings the music of irving berlin .
over is a song by the american alternative rock band live .
sroots bloody roots is a song by american hip hop band sepultura .
mist is a song by american hip hop artist moby .
anything like me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
songs like me is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , graffiti ( 2009 ) .
 strange condition is a song by american singer-songwriter pete yorn from her second studio album , musicforthemorningafter ( 2000 ) .
who 'll be the next in line is a song written by ray davies and shel talmy , and recorded by the kinks .
this i promise you is a song by australian singer-songwriter ronan keating from her debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
take a load off your fee is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1971 album surf 's up .
outta control is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent , featuring rapper mobb deep , from his second studio album , the massacre ( 2005 ) .
wild child is a song by american singer enya .
lover it out is a song recorded by the american rock band the hombres .
dearlin ' is a song written by jamie o'hara and kieran kane , and recorded by american country music group the o'kanes .
killing in the name is a song by american alternative metal band rage against the machine .
lover is a song by lou bega , and the main theme song from the greek film ladies and gentlemen .
my guest is a song recorded by american singer gaitana , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , be my guest ( 2013 ) .
hell is for children is a song written by neil giraldoroger cappspat benatar and recorded by american hard rock singer pat benatar .
 rock me gently is a song and single written by andy kim , and recorded by american teenage singer andsongwriter andy .
the hindu times is a song by english rock band oasis from their second album , heathen chemistry ( 2002 ) .
 alibis is a song written by randy boudreaux , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .
a monster like me is a song by kjetil mørland and debrah scarlett from their debut album , make a sail ( 2015 ) .
do n't want to forgive me now is a song by the american rock band wet wet wet .
i 'm over you is a song by american singer martine mccutcheon .
lave de mi corazón ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter juan luis guerra released on january 22 , 2007 , as the first single off his eighth studio album la llave demi corazon ( 2007 ) .
sway for love is a song by the american alternative dance band ministry .
the auctioneer is a song written by leroy van dyke and buddy black , and recorded by american country music artist lerooy van dke .
 cherry wine is a song by american hip hop recording artist nas , featuring rapper amy winehouse , from her debut studio album , life is good ( 2012 ) .
i feel it coming is a song by english drum and bass band the weeknd from their third studio album , starboy ( 2015 ) .
danny nedelko ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american punk rock band idles .
t tranquility base hotel & casino is a song recorded by american rock band arctic monkeys , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter alex turner , from their third studio album tranquility Base hotel casino ( 2018 ) .
angel eyes is a song by the american rock band lime iii , released in 1983 as the lead single from the band 's seventh studio album , lime iii .
turn to you is a song recorded by american rapper justin bieber , featuring rapper adam messinger , from his debut studio album , may 11 , 2012 .
matchbox is a song written by carl perkins and tennessee 1 .
calling all angels is a song by american singer jane siberry .
 would n't it be good is a song by american new wave and synth-pop artist nik kershaw .
the murda show is a song by american recording artist spice 1 , featuring rapper mc eiht .
 thunder is a song by american rock band boys like girls and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2008 in music ) .
back 'n blue is a 1990 song by the american rock band cheap trick .
the meaning is a song by english alternative rock singer-songwriter richard ashcroft from his second studio album , human conditions ( 2002 ) .
 romeo ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english nu-disco band basement jaxx .
punkky reggae party is a song by bob marley , first released as a b-side on july 1977 .
all day long i dream about sex is a dance-pop song by american rapper jc chasez from his self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
do you is a song by american recording artist ne-yo .
all night is a song recorded by american singer beyoncé for her eighth studio album , lemonade ( 2016 ) .
strani amori ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by angelo valsiglio and roberto buti and performed by argentine singer laura pausini .
broken home is a song by american rock group papa roach .
i do n't care is a song performed by american recording artist ricky martin , featuring guest vocals from american hip hop recording artist nova .
dance is a song by fifth harmony from their fifth harmony album fifth harmony ( 2017 ) .
mary , mary is a song written by michael nesmith and recorded by american country music group the monkees .
lotus intro is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her debut studio album lotus ( 2012 ) .
crying in the rain is a song recorded by the german eurodance band culture beat , released on february 12 , 1996 as the second single from their sixth studio album inside out .
i 'm alive is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney with dave matthews .
the cat came back is a world war i song in the style of a march .
b bump n ' grind is a song by american r b singer r. kelly .
morning gir is a song by the american rock band neon philharmonic and is the lead track on their 1969 album the moth confesses .
chinese food is a song by american singer alison gold , released as the lead single from her debut studio album october 5 , 2013 .
free your mind is a song by american hip hop band en vogue .
nothin ' you can do about i is a 1989 song by richard marx , included in the album repeat offender .
inch ` allah ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by salvatore adamo and performed by american singer-songwriter adamo .
 fool no more is a song by english glam rock band s club 8 , released on 30 june 2003 as the second single from their seventh studio album sundown .
 forever may not be long enoug is a song by american hard rock band vandthe mummy returns .
all night long is a song written by joe walsh , and recorded by american country music artist joe .
hoy ya me voy ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer kany garcía .
take the town is a song written by iva davies , and recorded by american rock band icehouse .
 öppna landskap is a song written by ulf lundell and recorded by lundess for his 1982 album ` kär och galen ' .
black or white is a song by american r bpop rock singer michael jackson .
 naked eye is a song by the american rock band the who featured on their 1970 album odds and sods .
no regret is a song by japanese recording artist koda kumi from her second studio album best second session ( 2006 ) .
sspeak to me is a song by american glam rock band roxette from her debut studio album charm school ( 2011 ) .
the way i feel is a song for a winter 's nig , written by gordon lightfoot and john court and performed by lightfoot .
dear roses is a song written by lamar morris and darrell mccall , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
sweet understanding love is a song by r b group four tops and is the lead track on their debut album main street people ( 1973 ) .
ca n't let go is a 1991 r bsoul song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
i can feel you is a dance-pop song by english singer-songwriter anastacia from her third studio album , heavy rotation ( 2008 ) .
 ya ya is a 1961 r b song by british singer lee dorsey .
you 've got a lot to answer for is a song by american alternative rock band catatonia .
you make it feel like christmas is a christmas song performed by american singer gwen stefani and featuring british singer-songwriter blake shelton .
heart on my sleeve is a song by american singer michael johns from his debut studio album , hold back my heart ( 2009 ) .
trigger inside is a song by the american rock band therapy ? .
 fascination is a song by american singer david bowie and r b group young americans .
beaut you is a song written by dave hanner , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
 me is a song written by peter cox and richard drummie , and recorded by american rock band go west .
the back seat of my car is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by american singer-songwriter paul .
behind closed doors is a song by new order from their second album , get ready ( 2001 ) .
come on get higher is a song by american singer-songwriter matt nathanson from her debut studio album , some mad hope ( 2008 ) .
due respiri ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by chiara and is the main theme song from the greek film due respiri .
l'amour toujours ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by italo dance artist gigi d'agostino .
that 's the way god planned it is a gospel song performed by billy preston and written by preston with george harrison .
two can play that game is a song written by teddy rileybernard belledavid and virginia ) and recorded by american singer-songwriter brown .
you remain is a song by australian drum and bass band kungs featuring ritual .
i heard a rumour is a song by australian glam rock band bananarama .
never enough is a song performed by estonian singer tarja .
be beg to differ is a song by american alternative rock band sevendust .
 freaks is a song by the american rock band live .
take you hig is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her debut studio album piece by piece ( 2015 ) .
birth is a song by american rock band the sugarcubes featured on their 1987 album life 's too good .
free is a song by american singer deniece williams from her 1976 album this is niecy .
 heaven is a song by english rock and roll band talking heads featured on their 1979 album fear of music .
kansas city lights is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .
these are my twisted words is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead .
run on love is a song by australian electronicdance artist lucas nord , featuring vocals from tove lo , from his debut studio album , islands ( 2013 ) .
if i wanted to is a song by american singer melissa etheridge from her self-titled debut studio album ( 1995 ) .
 vanilla twilig is a song by american electronic group owl city , released as the third single from their tenth studio album , ocean eyes ( 2010 ) .
do n't have to hold ou is a song written by aidan masongordon adams , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
cemeteries of london is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their sixth studio album viva la vida or death .
big sky is a song by the kinks featured on their 1968 album the village green preservation society .
wings is a song by american singer-songwriter birdy .
joy is a song by american r b band blackstreet .
she 's a rainbow is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1967 album satanic majesties request .
sunstroke is a song by chicane from their sixth studio album far from the maddening crowds .
inside out is a song by american hip hop recording artist the chainsmokers featuring singer-songwriter charlee .
not this year is a christmas song by australian singer aly aj from her second studio album , acoustic hearts of winter ( 2006 ) .
 whispering your name is a song by american singer alison moyet from her 1994 album essex .
might no is a song by american hip hop recording artist belly , featuring rapper the weeknd , from her debut studio album up for days ( 2015 ) .
it 's you again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist skip ewing which hit no .
 joey is a song recorded by american country music band sugarland .
 anger rising is a song by american musician jerry cantrell from his second studio album , degradation trip ( 2002 ) .
sociosocial is a song by american alternative rock band slipknot .
the ocean is a song by english record producer mike perry , featuring vocals from british singer-songwriter shy martin , from his debut studio album , deep house ( 2015 ) .
just came back is a song by colin james and daryl burgess .
fu ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer miley cyrus from her debut studio album bangerz ( 2013 ) .
bitch 's brew is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith featured on their 1982 album rock in a hard place .
old coyote town is a song written by larry boone , paul nelson and gene nelson , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .
 oriel window is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
dear history is a song written by bob dipierojohn scott sherrill and recorded by american country music artist prairie oyster .
 alice is a song by american hip hop recording artist last night .
songs is a song by japanese singer-songwriter zonke .
 force et honneur ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by french hip hop recording artist nessbeal from her debut album sélection naturelle ( 2011 ) .
toug than nails is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe diffie .
i wish is a song recorded by japanese recording artist morning musume for her 2000 studio album best !
never is a 1999 r b song by american singer shanice .
my to you is a song by american glam rock band the vamps , featuring guest vocals from american singer demi lovato .
william , it was really nothing is a song by american alternative rock band the smiths featured on their debut album , hatful of hollow ( 1984 ) .
one voice is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy gilman .
two tickets to paradise is a song by american singer eddie money .
crawl is a song by american alternative rock band kings of leon .
warm wet circles is a song by english rock band marillion that was first released on 26 october 1987 .
s senses working overtime is a song by xtc that was first released on january 1982 .
pom poms is a song by american jazz band jonas brothers and is the lead track on their debut album , live ( 2013 ) .
tii ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by estonia .
do n't look back in anger is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1996 album ( what 's the story ) morning glory .
giamaica ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1961 song by robertino and is the b-side to the group 's `` jamaica '' single .
knee deep in the blues is a song written by melvin endsley , and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .
we got love is a song written by bernie lowe and kal mann , and performed by american teenage singer rydell .
girls is a song by american glam rock band beastie boys and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1986 ) .
 how many birds is a song written by barry gibb and performed by american teenage singer bee gees .
every needs a best friend is a song by american singer and songwriter norah jones from her debut studio album , ted ( 2012 ) .
heartland is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
 heaven is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , beycé ( 2013 ) .
fleur de saison ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer émilie simon from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
the fighter is a song by japanese recording artist gym class heroes released on may 31 , 2012 , as the lead single from her debut ep , the papercut chronicles ii :
box of rain is a song written by phil lesh and robert hunter , and recorded by american country music group grateful dead .
a place with no name is a song recorded by american singer michael jackson , it was released as the second single from his debut studio album , xscape ( 2014 ) .
honey pie is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
everything is a song by american rock band nine inch nails featured on their debut album hesitation marks ( 2013 ) .
right there is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande , featuring rapper big sean , from grande 's debut studio album yours truly ( 2013 ) .
sono mirai wa ima ( stylized as `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by japanese alternative rock band the pillows featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
dear water is a song by american garage rock band the standells featured on their 1965 album dirty water .
you lonely for me is a song written by bert berns and freddie scott .
jump is a song by the american rock band third eye blind , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 1996 ) .
brother rapp is a 1970 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
lover is reason is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band a-ha .
 up with the white and gold is a world war i song written by frank roman , and performed by roman .
single is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter natasha bedingfield , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , unwritten ( 2004 ) .
soul power is a 1970 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
i want more is a song by american trance band faithless from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
no hurry is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
Everybody wants you is a song written by billy squier and reinhold mackbilly squier , and recorded by squier for his debut studio album emotions in motion .
take off is a song by american hip hop recording artist young dro , featuring rapper yung l.a .
sober is a song by american alternative metal band tool .
which face should i put on tonig is a song written by tim thorneyerica ehm , and recorded by american country music artist cassandra vasik .
bear down , chicago bears is a world war i song written by jerry downs , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter jerry Downs .
brand new day is a song written by van morrison and lewis merenstein , and recorded by morrison for his 1970 studio album moondance .
north country blues is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
the fame is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1996 album be here now .
boss is a song by american hip hop artist lil pump from her third studio album , lil pump ( 2017 ) .
håll om mig is a song performed by nanne grönvall and released as a single on 2005 .
in the middle is a song by american rapper alexander o'neal .
dream warriors is a song by american rock band dokken .
six white horses is a song written by larry murray , and recorded by american country music artist tommy cash .
 avalanche is a song by american alternative rock band bring me the horizon .
sevgiliye son ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by turkish singer-songwriter sedat yüce .
savor aimer is a song by american singer-songwriter florent pagny .
i need a miracle is a song recorded by the christian rock band third day and released as the third single from their debut studio album miracle ( 2012 ) .
the ocean is the sixth song of irish rock band u2 's debut album , boy .
living is a song recorded by american eurodance artist jason derulo for his debut studio album future history ( 2011 ) .
when the flowers bloom on no-man 's land is a world war i song in the style of a march .
the last thing on your mind is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band lights and the listening .
i 'm writing to you , sammy is a world war i song in the style of a march .
s slight return is a song by english indie rock band the bluetones featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 1996 in music ) .
s shoes is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain , it was released as the third single from her second studio album , desperate housewives ( 2005 ) .
 forget about me is a song written by frankie miller , troy seals and eddie setser , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
when sunny gets blue is a song by johnny mathis and ray conniff and his orchestra .
off the wall is a song by american r b singer michael jackson .
i n't no sunshine is a hit song performed by r bsoulblues artist bill withers and released as the b-side to the group 's `` harlem '' single on july 1971 .
manhattan , kansas is a song written by joe allen , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
mary 's boy child is a song written by jester hairston and performed by american singer harry belafonte .
strong again is a song by n-dubz from their tenth studio album uncle b .
recovering is a song by australian singer-songwriter celine dion .
 electric eye is a song by american hard rock band judas priest and is the lead track on their debut album , screaming for vengeance ( 1982 ) .
crack up is a song by american alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain .
boulevard is a song written by jackson browne and greg ladanyi , and recorded by browne for his 1980 album , hold out .
do you know what i mean is a song written by lee michaels and recorded by american rock and roll artist lee for his 1971 album 5th studio album .
wu-tang forever is a song by american hip hop artist drake .
night things is a song written by by byron hill and tony hiller , and recorded by american country music artist ed bruce .
official gir is a song recorded by american singer cassie , featuring rapper lil wayne , from her debut studio album , august 5 , 2008 .
s contenders is a song by the british new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released in 1986 as the lead single from their sixth studio album , pleasure one .
i need to hear it from you is a song written by thom mchughbob millard , and recorded by american country music artist joan kennedy .
who 's gon na fill their shoes is a song written by max d. barnestroy seals , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
 ballad of the absent mare is a song written by leonard cohen and henry lewy .
easy now is a 1970 song first recorded by american singer eric clapton .
ca n't get it back is a song by american r bhip hoppop band blaque .
sink eyes is a song by american rock singer bruce springsteen .
sun is still shining is a song by the moody blues band to our children 's children and is the lead track on their 1969 album to our titles .
do n't wan na fig is a song by american r b group alabama shakes .
angel of the silences is a song by american rock band counting crows featured on their 1996 album , recovering the satellites .
 me you 're mine is a song written by ronald l. fredianelli and dico vasin and performed by american rock band the gaylords .
living in the heart of the beas is a song by english avant-rock band henry cow with slapp happy .
the ending is just the beginning repeating is a song by american rock band the living end .
never 's news is a song recorded by american country music group whiskeytown .
it matters to me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist faith hill .
ssex is a song by english indie rock band the 1975 .
old rosin the beau is a world war i era march song composed by irish waltz and performed by ricky nelson .
bull on parade is a song by american rock band rage against the machine .
fall is a song recorded by american singer mýa , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , moodring ( 2003 ) .
 honk your horn is a song by american recording artist dani stevenson , featuring rapper missy elliott , from her second studio album , is there another ?! ( 2002 ) .
i walk alone is a song written by herbert w. wilson , and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .
berlin bound is a world war i song composed by james kendis , james brockman and nat vincent and performed by american teenage singer berlin bound .
lucky is a song by american alternative rock band better than ezra .
never enoug is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande and r b duo nathan sykes .
long way to go is a song by stevie nicks and charles judge , and recorded by nicks for her 1989 album the other side of the mirror .
ca-saya ( stylized as `` signal '' ) is a song by japanese recording artist kat-tun .
daddy 's gon na pay for your crashed car is a song by irish rock band u2 .
 afrika shox ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1999 song by american recording artist leftfield , featuring rapper afrika bambaataa .
who booty is a song by american rapper jonn hart from his debut studio album , heart 2 hart ( 2012 ) .
p preacher man is a 1989 song by australian dance-pop band bananarama .
my favourite game is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band the cardigans , released as the second single from their eighth studio album , gran turismo ( 1998 ) .
unconditionally is a song recorded by american singer katy perry , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album prism ( 2013 ) .
s scam is a song by american funk band jamiroquai .
death of a bachelor is a song by american hip hop band panic ! .
down with the sickness is a song by american nu metal band disturbed .
perdóname ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by argentine singer-songwriter pablo alborán released on 3 october 2011 , as the first single off his eighth studio album en acústico .
sorry not sorry is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her eighth studio album , tell me you love me ( 2017 ) .
another way to die is a song by american alternative rock band disturbed .
 honkin ' down the highway is a song written by brian wilson , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
even now is a song written by marty panzer , and recorded by american singer barry manilow .
do how do is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
wid out ya is a song by the germany rock band blog 27 , released as the third single from their tenth studio album lol .
far from home is a song recorded by american eurodance artist basshunter .
missing you is a 1988 song by english singer-songwriter chris de burgh .
happiness is a song written by robert palmer and translated by palmer with teo macero .
 blurry is a song by american rock band puddle of mudd .
crying in the rain is a song by the american rock band whitesnake featured on their 1982 album saints sinners .
natural is a dance-pop song by english record producer s club 7 .
one step ahead is a 1989 song by nik kershaw .
four sticks is a song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin .
jag vill ha en egen måne is a song written by ted gärdestad and ken du kommer , and recorded by american singer-songwriter ted about his debut album undringar .
i need to know is a song by american rock group tom petty and the heartbreakers .
country ai n't country is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt .
hell raisin ' good time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tim hicks .
sway on is a song recorded by american singer colbie caillat , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , gypsy heart ( 2013 ) .
it 's only love is a dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her tenth studio album , crayons ( 2008 ) .
jenny is a song by american rock band the click five , released as the lead single from their sixth studio album , modern minds and pastimes ( 2007 ) .
since when is a song by american rock band 54-40 .
pink fight is a song by american recording artist galantis from her third studio album , the aviary ( 2016 ) .
changing partners is a world war i song composed by larry coleman and joe darion .
i 'll come running back to you is a hit song performed by american r b singer sam cooke .
what kinda love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dallas smith .
sway is a song recorded by japanese singer katy perry .
lazy poison is a song by english indie rock band the bravery .
shine a light is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st. .
dear down is a song by english electronic group muse .
 reckless is a song written by michael clarkjeff stevens , and recorded by american country music alabama .
i got some blues for you is a song written by david chamberlain , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
i have you is a song written by paul nelson and gene nelson , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .
she 's taken a shine is a song written by greg barnhill and richard bach , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
i 'll be there is a song recorded by american singer tiffany evans , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album perfect imperfection ( 2010 ) .
luna nueva ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer carlos vives .
laying all your love on me is a song by abba that was first released on july 1981 .
 echoes is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on their 1971 album meddle .
 alice is a song by kathleen brennan and tom waits and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2002 ) .
crazy from the hear is a song written by david bellamy and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
dear necessities is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers from their second album , the getaway ( 2015 ) .
ca n't he be you is a song written by hank cochran and tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist patsy cline .
people loving people is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
 grapefruit -- juicy frui is a song written and recorded by american country music artist jimmy buffett .
s reconsider baby is a song by r b singer lowell fulson and written by fulson with phil chess .
 jet city woman is a song by american glam rock band queensrÿche .
kauas pois ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by raappana .
cindy , oh cindy ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by robert nemiroff and burt long a.k.d'lugoff and performed by vince martin and the tarriers .
samantha is a song by american alternative rock band hole .
 rock me gently is a song by english electronic group erasure .
 sermon is a song by american rapper james arthur from his debut album , 28 october 2016 .
put your money where your mouth is is a song by australian hard rock band jet .
give it a is a song by the american rock band rise against .
in my roo is a hit song performed by the american r b band the beach boys , credited to brian wilsongary usher , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` be true to your school '' single on october 28 , 1963 .
all eyes on me is a song by american hip hop recording artist aka , featuring rapper burna boy , from his debut studio album , levels ( 2014 ) .
headlock is a song by american singer imogen heap from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
blank space is a song by american singer taylor swift , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , 1989 .
the americans come is a world war i song in the style of a march .
you deserve better is a song by american singer-songwriter james arthur from his third studio album , `` at my weakest '' ( 2018 ) .
jag skiter is a song written by magnus uggla , recorded by american rock group magnus and released as a single on 27 september 1977 .
you do n't do it for me anymore is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her third studio album , tell me you love me anymore ( 2017 ) .
some fools never learn is a song written by john scott sherrill and tony brown , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .
atomic city is a 1989 song recorded by american singer holly johnson .
things done changed is a song performed by american recording artist british gangsta rap .
give up on love is a 1989 song by american ricky astley .
baby , baby i need you is a hit song performed by the temptations and written by smokey robinson and doo-wop singer-songwriter `` girl `` .
two steps behind is a song by american rock band def leppard that first appeared in 1992 on the soundtrack to the brandon leppard movie picture .
the light is a song by american metal band disturbed .
my heart belongs to only you is a song written by frank daniels and dorothy danielson , and recorded by american singer-songwriter vinton .
 alright , alright , alrig ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english singer-songwriter mungo jerry .
james dean is a song by american rock band eagles featured on their 1974 album on the border .
wrapped in grey is a song by xtc that was first released on 27 april 1992 .
drop a bea is a song by american glam rock band moby .
 crunchy granola suite is a 1971 song by neil diamond , included in the album stones .
uddenly is a song recorded by american singer olivia newton-john and written by john farrar and cliff richard .
stair to station is a song by american country music artist david bowie .
l lucidity is a song by australian alternative rock band tame impala .
 patio lanterns is a song by american singer kim mitchell .
 sweet talk is a song recorded by american singer samantha jade for her debut studio album , 18 november 2014 ( ) .
too many puppies is a song by american alternative rock band primus .
nobody 's hero is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
since i 've been loving you is a 1970 song by english rock and roll band led zeppelin .
cocke is a song by j. cale , included in the album troubadour .
kiss me , i 'm gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist marty stuart .
 andres ( `` the bomb '' ) is a song by american hard rock band l7 .
 andrew in drag is a song by english indie rock band the magnetic fields from their debut album love at the bottom of the sea .
ug ugly is a song by american rock group jon bon jovi .
burning ground is a song by van morrison from her 1996 album the healing game .
i 'm a wonderful thing , baby is a song written by august darnell and peter schott , and performed by american latin pop group kid creole the coconuts .
lover and the beast is a song written and recorded by american singer stevie nicks .
to share our love is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on the group 's debut album on the threshold of a dream .
urban guerrilla is a song by american space rock band hawkwind that first appeared in 1973 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie brainbox pollution .
another 's arms is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their third studio album , ghost stories ( 2007 ) .
kiss me in the car is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
they want efx is a song by american hip hop recording artist das efx .
cahaya di langit itu ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by japanese singer fatin shidqia for her debut studio album for you ( 2013 ) .
i lay me down is a song recorded by american singer sophie b. hawkins .
 invisibly shaken is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney atkins .
i do n't care is a song by american alternative rock band fall out boy .
sleeping with the one i love is a song by american soulblues band fantasia .
the girlfriend song is the lead song of the american rock band tlot tlot .
shake music is a song by english singer-songwriter martin solveig from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
when love comes to town is a song by irish rock band u2 and british duo b. king .
cry to me is a hit song performed by r b singer solomon burke and written by bert russel a.k. and produced by berns .
blow me is a song by american electronic group pink , released as the third single from the band 's debut studio album , the truth about love ( 2012 ) .
växeln hallå is a song written by lasse holm and gert lengstrand and recorded by american singer janne `` lucas '' persson .
i is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar from his debut studio album to pimp a butterfly ( 2014 ) .
for you only is a song recorded by american singer alison moyet , featuring vocals from american country music singer-songwriter tony swain , from her 1985 album alf .
i want to hold your hand is a popular song written in 1953 by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
gold dust woman is a song by stevie nicks and is the lead track on her debut album rumours ( 1976 ) .
lover is blind is a song by australian singer-songwriter lithuania .
the sideboard song is the sixth song of chas dave 's debut solo album do n't give a monkey 's 1979 .
 hillbilly girl with the blues is a song written by lacy j. dalton , and recorded by american country music artist lacy .
 paradise is a song by american singer sade .
my love is a song by american recording artist zhané .
 adam in chains is a song by american electronic group billy idol , released as the lead single from their debut album , cyberpunk ( 1992 ) .
fix is a song by american hip hop recording artist blackstreet , featuring vocals from american recording artist ol' dirty bastard , slash and fishbone .
angel is a song by american singer sarah brightman from her debut studio album dreamchaser ( 2012 ) .
i just want to make love to you is a song by the american rock band muddy waters and his guitar .
strom is a song by die toten hosen that was first released on 24 october 2008 .
you 're on fire is a song by american alternative rock band nanobots .
lover for words is a song by english singer-songwriter ronan keating from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
 harvester of sorrow is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
 johnny wan na live is a song by american glam rock band sandra .
all about tonight is a dance-pop song by american singer pixie lott from her debut studio album , young foolish happy ( 2011 ) .
caught in a drea is a 1970 song by american singer alice cooper .
look at us is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit november 16 , 1991 .
a legal matter is a song written by pete townshend and shel talmy , and recorded by the who .
face to face is a song written by randy owen and alabama .
crazy stupid love is a song recorded by american singer cheryl cole , featuring rapper tinie tempah , from her debut studio album only human ( 2014 ) .
it rain is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
ca inconsolable ( my past ) is a song by backstreet boys from their sixth studio album unbreakable ( 2007 ) .
the church on cumberland road is a song written by bob dipiero , john scott sherrill and dennis robbins , and recorded by american country music artist shenandoah .
do n't matter now is a song by english singer george ezra from his third studio album , staying at tamara 's ( 2017 ) .
it up is a song by the american alternative rock band jet .
come on is a song by the new power generation that was first released on october 16 , 1998 .
baby jane is a song written by rod stewart and tom dowdjim cregan and performed by american rock group body wishes .
runnin ' from tha police is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2pac .
remember everything is a song by american hard rock band five finger death punch released on november 2011 .
 el presente ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by julieta venegas from her eighth studio album , mtv unplugged ( 2008 ) .
i have loved you girl is a song written by earl thomas conley and nelson larkin , and recorded by american country music artist earl nelson conley .
 april rain is a song by the american symphonic metal band delain .
your imagination is a song by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl and is the lead track on his debut album imagination ( 1998 ) .
any for you is a song recorded by american r b group backstreet boys , credited to gary baker and wayne perry , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on february 24 1997 .
i 'll stand by you is a song by american rock band the pretenders featured on their 1994 album last of the independents .
 hearts do n't lie is a dance-pop song by american singer gabriella cilmi from her debut studio album , ten ( 2010 ) .
ok is a song written and performed by american comedian robin schulz , featuring rapper james blunt , from his debut studio album uncovered ( 2017 ) .
do n't need you is a song by english singer-songwriter bullet for my valentine from her debut studio album gravity ( 2015 ) .
the girl you lost to cocaine is a song by american singer sia .
i 'm in love is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
s symphony of destruction is a song by american rock band megadeth that was first released on june , 1992 .
ice rain is a song recorded by japanese recording artist shizuka kudo for her debut studio album , purple ( 1994 ) .
dear love is a song by the american glam rock band golden earring featured on their 1973 album moontan .
east of eden is a song written by stuart adamsonmark brzezickitony butlerbruce watson , and recorded by american country music artist big country .
you and me against the world is a song written by kenny ascher and paul williams , and recorded by american singer helen reddy .
lover religion is a song recorded by japanese recording artist u96 for her 1994 album , club bizarre .
 bankrobber is a song by the clash that was first released on 8 august 1980 .
la publicité ( french : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by jacques lanzmann and anne ségalen and performed by dutronc .
lover me live is a song recorded by american singer queen .
she wo n't talk to me is a 1988 song by american r b singer luther vandross .
you there is a song by american hip hop band busted .
s gather in the mushrooms is a 1961 ricky nelson song first recorded by benny hill .
blind faith is a song by english record producer chase status released on 21 january 2011 , as the lead single from his debut ep no more idols .
keep on tryin ' is a song by the german rock band twenty 4 seven and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1995 in music ) .
sink back the river is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter james bay from his debut studio album chaos and the calm ( 2014 ) .
shine is a song by english europop band the toppers .
sum day is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , featuring rapper justin stanley , from her debut studio album 100 miles from memphis ( 2010 ) .
what kind of love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney crowell .
 strange love is a 1961 r b song by american singer mary wells .
carolina in my mind is a 1970 song co-written and recorded by american country music artist james taylor .
it rig is a song by british singer elaiza from her debut studio album , gallery ( 2014 ) .
rough justice is a song by australian glam rock band bananarama .
lucky in france is a song written by ronnie scottsteve wolfe and baby i remember you , and recorded by american singer bonnie tyler .
dreamin ' is a song by the american rock band status quo .
since i saw you last is a song by english singer-songwriter gary barlow from his debut studio album ( 2014 ) .
live forever is a song recorded by american country music group perry .
open is a song by american hard rock band queensrÿche from their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
 r&b junkie is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janet jackson , it was released as the lead single from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
 eldorado finale is a song by american symphonic rock band electric light orchestra .
do n't it make you want to go home is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe south .
say goodbye is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
hanging on the telephone is a song by the american rock band blondie .
come back to me is a 1990 song by australian electronic group indecent obsession .
back is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chalee tennison .
 anna 's song is a song by r b singer marvin gaye and is the lead track on his debut album here , my dear .
 up in the air is a song by american electronic group thirty seconds to mars .
bring back her head is a song by american singer angelica .
till the walls come tumblin ' down is a song by the american rock band the j. geils band .
time is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish featured on their 1994 album cracked rear view .
 hurts like heaven is a song by english indie rock band coldplay from their debut studio album mylo xyloto ( 2012 ) .
the light in your eyes is a song written by dan tyler , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .
the more you ignore me , the closer i is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter morrissey .
bridge burning is a song by american rock band foo fighters from their debut album , wasting light ( 2011 ) .
babe is a song by american rock band take that .
x-is coming is a song by american horror band dmx .
read my lips is a song by alex party that was first released on 1994 .
story of love is a song written by chris hillman and steve hillman , and recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
crazy vibes is a song by american r b singer selah sue from her debut studio album selah su ( 2011 ) .
stumble and fa is a song by american indie rock band razorlight from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
cough syrup is a song by american indie rock band young the giant from their self-titled debut album ( see 2010 in music ) .
 and it stoned me is a 1970 song by van morrison , included in the album moondance .
something good is a song written by richard rodgers and performed by ricky nelson .
i 'm sti ( `` i 'm not from texas '' ) is a song written by gerald levert and eddie levert , and recorded by american r b singer-songwriter levert .
she 's dope is a song by american recording artist down with webster .
it 's my life ( sash ! ) is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band sash , released in 1995 as the lead single from the band 's sixth studio album , 1995 .
the anyway is a song recorded by american singer chris brown , featuring guest vocals from american recording artist tayla parx , from her debut studio album , royalty ( 2015 ) .
my whole world is falling down is a song written by bill anderson and jerry crutchfield , and recorded by american teenage singer brenda lee .
your personal touch is a song written by allen george and fred mcfarlane , and recorded by american singer evelyn `` champagne '' king .
raise up is a song by the american rock band saliva .
l me be free is a song by two brothers on the 4th floor and featuring vocals from british duo des ` ray .
wu tang forever is a song by american hip hop recording artist logic , featuring rapper ghostface killah , from his third studio album , ysiv ( 2018 ) .
my number two is a song by american singer joe jackson , written by jackson with jacksondavid kershenbaum and produced by joejackson .
everything that touches you is a song written by terry kirkman and bones howe , and recorded by the american musical association .
color is a 1988 song by american recording artist ice-t .
it 's over now is a song by english electronic group cause effect .
pissing in a river is a song by american singer patti smith and songwriter ivan kral .
steam is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ty herndon .
lazy is a song recorded by japanese recording artist sistar for her eighth studio album , `` for you '' ( 2017 ) .
anna sun is a song by english indie rock band walk the moon , released as the second single from their debut studio album i want ! .
s sullivan is a song by american singer caroline 's spine .
what comes naturally is a 1991 song by american singer sheena easton .
one bourbon , one scotch and one beer is a song by american r b singer amos milburn .
in this river is a song by the american glam rock band black label society .
fifty mission cap is a song by the tragically hip .
 partners , brothers and friends is a song written by jeff hanna and jimmy ibbotson , and recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
s spanish harlem inciden ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
it 's in the mornin ' is a song by american rapper robin thicke with snoop dogg .
this missin ' you heart of mine is a song written by mike geiger and woody mullis , and recorded by american country music artist sawyer brown .
it 's my life is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
you 're so good to me is a song recorded by american country music group the beach boys , credited to brian wilson and mike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` sloop john b '' single on march 21 , 1966 .
sometimes is a song by american punk rock band the stranglers featured on their 1976 album rattus norvegicus .
the future freaks me ou is a song by the american rock band motion city soundtrack .
passive is a song by american alternative rock band perfect circle .
live is a song recorded by japanese recording artist superfly for her eighth studio album , white ( 2014 ) .
i do n't dance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .
the one for me is a song written by joe thomasdenvil tracey gerrellkeith miller , and recorded by american r b singer joe .
panic tainted love is a song written by love '' ed cobb , and recorded by american rock band coil .
this night is a song by american electronic group booty lv .
i need to wake up is a song by american singer melissa etheridge from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
 sweet pea is a song written and performed by american teenage singer tommy roe .
we 're in this love together is a song by r b singer al jarreau and written by roger murrah and keith stegall .
 roll with it is a song by english rock band oasis from their self-titled debut album ( what 's the story ) .
splay hard is a song by american singer david guetta from his debut studio album nothing but the beat 2 ( 2013 ) .
holes is a 1999 song by american chamber music band mercury rev , included in the album deserter 's songs .
cigarette daydreams is a song by american alternative rock band cage the elephant from their debut album , melophobia ( 2014 ) .
running on empty is a song by american singer-songwriter jackson browne .
too much is a song by english glam rock band spice girls from their second studio album spiceworld .
i 'm too sexy is a dance-pop song by right said fred .
baby mama is a song by american recording artist fantasia .
dear ... maybe is a song recorded by japanese recording artist kana nishino for her seventh studio album , to love ( 2009 ) .
young is a song by american hip hop band the chainsmokers from their third studio album , memories ( 2017 ) .
you do n't have to worry is a song performed by american recording artist en vogue .
cre creep is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots that first appeared in 1992 on the soundtrack to their 1992 album core .
switch it on is a song by will young from her second studio album , keep on ( 2005 ) .
 alec eiffe is a 1991 song by english alternative rock band pixies from their second album trompe le monde .
 je t ` adore ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer kate ryan from her second studio album , alive ( 2006 ) .
burning like a flame is a song by american glam rock band dokken that was first released on december 1987 .
luvia cae ( english : `` and i cae '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter enrique iglesias released on october 13 , 1997 , as the first single off his eighth studio album vivir .
duncan ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
you 're not alone is a song by english recording artist olive .
 hearts are n't made to break is a song written by steve deanroger murrah , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
i 've got mine is a song by english rock and roll band small faces featured on their 1965 album `` it 's too late '' .
you wear it well is a song written by el debarge and chico debarge , and recorded by american r b singer debarge .
funplex is a dance-pop song by american glam rock band the b-52s .
i wan na be bad is a song recorded by american singer willa ford , featuring rapper royce da 5 ' 9 '' .
slow down is a song by american hip hop recording artist brand nubian .
do i let go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lisa brokop .
tere sang yaara ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by arko pravo mukherjee and manoj muntashir and performed by jere aslam .
be true is a song written by bruce springsteen , steven van zandt and carson lee and recorded by springsteen for his 1981 album , tracks .
16 reasons is a song written by bill post and doree post , and performed by american country music artist connie stevens .
we did n't start the fire is a 1989 song by american singer-songwriter billy joel .
all around the world is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1996 album be here now .
turn back the clock is a song by american jazz singer johnny hates jazz .
in the mood is a song written by robert plant and bluntpaul martinez , and recorded by plant for his debut studio album the principle of moments .
evil is a song by english indie rock band interpol , released as the second single from their third studio album , antics ( 2005 ) .
from here to eternity is a song by american glam rock band iron maiden , released as the lead single from their 1992 album fear of the dark .
the beguine is a world war i era march song by artie shaw and his orchestra .
it you is a song written by british singer-songwriter lee ritenour and recorded by rit for her 1981 album rit .
in the club is a song by danny saucedo from her debut studio album in the club ( 2011 ) .
will you be there is a song by american singer michael jackson .
too much is not enoug is a song written by david bellamy and ken forester sisters and recorded by american country music group the bellamy brothers with vocals from the foresters sisters .
every year , every christmas is a song by american r b singer luther vandross from his 1995 album this is christmas .
 charms is a song written by helen miller and howard greenfield , and performed by american teenage singer vee .
 friends is a song by whodini from their debut album , escape ( 1984 ) .
million dollar loan is a song by english indie rock band death cab for cutie .
no one is a song recorded by 2 unlimited and released as the third single from their 1994 album real things .
s susannah 's still alive is a song written by dave davies with the kinks .
right by my side is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2012 ) .
recuérdame ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop singer pablo alborán from his debut studio album , terral ( 2015 ) .
turn off the lig ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by nelly furtado from his 2001 album whoa , nelly !
i n't gon na ge ( english : `` and i ca n't get '' ) is a song recorded by american rock band animals .
come and see her is a song recorded by the easybeats and released as the b-side to their `` i can see her '' single on 4th april 1966 .
i did n't mean to is a song by american hip hop recording artist casual .
shangri-la is a 1969 song by the kinks featured on their album arthur .
4 , 3 , 2 , 1 and `` jump in the line '' is a song by american hip hop recording artist ll cool j , released as the lead single from his sixth studio album , phenomenon ( 1997 ) .
do n't we fall in love is a song by american singer amerie .
 show out is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j , featuring rapper big sean and young jeezy .
the sweetest sounds is a song written by richard rodgers and composed by rodgers with Richard rodgers .
 ignition is a song by american r b singer-songwriter r. kelly from her second studio album , chocolate factory ( 2002 ) .
i can change is a song by american electronic group lcd soundsystem .
 flood is a song by australian alternative rock band jars of clay .
bitemarks and bloodstains is a song by american alternative rock band finch .
we like to party is a song by showtek from their debut album , showtek ( 2013 ) .
crazy is a song by seal from their 1991 album , seal .
always will be is a song by american hammerfall that was first released on 27 november 2000 .
bernadette is a hit song performed by r b group four tops and written by holland -- dozier and michigan .
living with you is a song by john cale from his debut studio album , shifty adventures in nookie wood ( 2013 ) .
some things are meant to be is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist linda davis .
i still remember is a song by american indie rock band bloc party .
 sweet lies is a song by english drum and bass artist wilkinson from her debut studio album , hypnotic ( 2015 ) .
in a broken drea is a song written by david keith bentley and miki dallon , and recorded by american country music artist python lee jackson .
the bride is a song written by liz hengber , darryl burgess and lee ann burgess , and recorded by american country music band trick pony .
wreck here tonig is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith .
money , marbles , and chalk is a world war i song written by garner eckler and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter garner .
 bottle of wine is a song written by tom paxton and norman petty , and recorded by american rock band the fireballs .
hip hop police is a song by american rapper chamillionaire from his sixth studio album , ultimate victory ( 2007 ) .
when you tell me that you love me is a 1991 r b song by american singer diana ross .
pretty noose is a song by american hip hop band soundgarden .
t til it happens to you is a song by american singer and songwriter lady gaga from her debut studio album , september 18 , 2015 .
la vacances d'été ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by australian eurodance artist kim kay .
s substitute is a song by the who and is the lead track on their debut album , instant party ( 1966 ) .
i n't too proud to beg is a song recorded by the temptations and released as the b-side to the group 's `` you 'll lose a precious love '' single on may 3 , 1966 .
lover soul is a song by american singer-songwriter jesse mccartney from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
she builds quick machines is a song by american hard rock band velvet revolver .
you 're so pretty is a song by american alternative rock band the charlatans released on 13 november 2006 .
do n't go is a song recorded by american r b band en vogue .
power of a woman is a song by eternal and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
the war is over is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , stronger ( 2011 ) .
best i can is a song by american glam rock band queensrÿche .
really doe is a song by american recording artist ice cube , released as the second single from her debut studio album , lethal injection ( 1993 ) .
dear in the motherlode is a song by the american progressive rock band genesis .
 renegades of funk is a song by afrika bambaataa and the soulsonic force .
last time for everything is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
 atm ja ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist azealia banks from her debut studio album , august 30 , 2013 ( ) .
 tomorrow tomorrow is a song by english singer-songwriter bee gees written by barry gibb and maurice gibb , produced by robert stigwood and released as a b-side to the group 's `` sun in my morning '' single on 1 june 1969 .
changing of the guards is a song by bob dylan , included in the album street-legal .
no place to go is a song by english punk rock band my bloody valentine .
a song for a son is a song by american rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2009 in music ) .
he understands me is a song written by margie singleton merle kilgore and performed by american singer teresa brewer .
fine is a song recorded by american singer taeyeon for her third studio album , my voice ( 2017 ) .
do n't worry is a song recorded by australian singer ace wilder , released as a single on 28 february 2016 .
sail away is a song written by randy newman , and recorded by newman for his 1972 album , sail away .
till you 'll be mine is a song written by jackie deshannon and performed by american teenage singer olivia newton-john .
breakaway is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her second studio album another place and time .
i do n't remember loving you is a song written by harlan howard and bobby braddock , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
lying from you is a song by american rock band linkin park from their second album , meteora ( 2002 ) .
lover and affection is a song by american singer joan armatrading .
 bachelor boy is a song written by bruce welch and cliff richard and the shadows .
the only way is a song written by david pickerill and paul odonoughue , and recorded by american singer lisa stansfield .
v vindaloo is a 1998 song by fat les , released as the third single from their tenth studio album , football chant .
the stroke is a song by american singer-songwriter billy squier .
i 'm on fire is a song by american singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with steven van zandt and produced by jon landauchuck .
still in love with you is a song recorded by no angels and released as the second single from their second album now ... us !
st nabataea ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american rock band helloween from their debut album straight out of hell ( 2013 ) .
in a momen is a song by english alternative rock band stereophonics featured on their debut album , graffiti on the train ( 2012 ) .
dear thoughts is a song by the cranberries from their self-titled debut album ( see 1995 in music ) .
i 'm gon na leave you tomorrow is a song written by gene dobbins , tim daniels and johnny wilson , and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .
if i 'm lucky is a song recorded by american singer jason derulo .
dance away is a song by english soft rock band roxy music , released as the second single from their debut album , manifesto ( 1979 ) .
so high is a song by american hip hop recording artist slim thug from his debut album , tha thug show ( 2010 ) .
ghost dancing is a song by the american new wave and dance-pop band simple minds featured on their 1986 album once upon a time .
animal is a song by american alternative rock band neon trees from their tenth album habits .
little bit is a song performed by finland singer nina åström .
black gives way to blue is a song by american rock band alice in chains .
skin is a song by american singer-songwriter breaking benjamin .
easy livin ' is a song by american singer-songwriter uriah heep .
i know you is a song by american synth-pop band skylar grey from their debut studio album fifty shades of grey ( 2015 ) .
million clouds is a song recorded by japanese recording artist maaya sakamoto for her eighth studio album , flyingdog ( 2015 ) .
 rose colored glasses is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
s settle for a slowdown is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
playing in the band is a song by the american rock band grateful dead and is the lead track on their 1971 album grateful dead .
the day i tried to live is a song by american hard rock band soundgarden that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album , superunknown .
dancin ' , shaggin ' on the boulevard is a song written by greg fowler , teddy gentry and randy owen , and recorded by american country music singer alabama .
the essence of me is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
a change is gon na come is a hit song performed by sam cooke and written by cooke with hugo luigi .
on break is a song by american eurodancehardcore band virtual self .
 beware my love is a song by australian hard rock band wings .
save me is a song recorded by american country music artist wiktoria .
never alone `` eurovision song contest 2011 '' is a song by australian electronic group 3js .
drop that kitty is a song by american recording artist ty dolla sign , featuring rapper tinashe .
if i fall you 're going down with me is a song recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
one is a song by english scooter that was released on 6 december 2004 .
my dues is a song by american singer and songwriter anastacia from her second studio album , freak of nature ( 2001 ) .
only in my mind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
action woman is a song by the american garage rock band the litter featured on their 1967 album distortions .
 genghis khan is a song by american singer and songwriter miike snow from her debut studio album iii ( 2015 ) .
cinderella is a song performed by estonian singer krista siegfrids .
unpretty is a 1999 song by american glam rock band tlc .
holy grail is a song by american rapper jay-z from his debut studio album , magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) .
my city of ruins is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his second studio album , the rising ( 2002 ) .
dance rocks is a song written by al stewart and peter white , and recorded by stewart for his 1980 album 24 carrots .
the mob song is a song written for the 1991 animated musical fantasy film beauty and the beast produced by walt disney .
i play with madness is a song by american rock band iron maiden featured on their 1988 album seventh son of a seventh son .
my love is a song recorded by japanese recording artist namie amuro for her seventh studio album past future ( 2009 ) .
i wonder do you think of me is a song written by sanger d. shafer , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .
 roman holiday is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2011 ) .
peggy sue ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by buddy holly , jerry allison and norman petty and performed by american rock and roll artist buddy buddy .
the river is a song recorded by american rock band the tea party , credited to jeff martin , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` the river '' single on 5 42 , 1993 .
country star is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .
take a bow is a song by american alternative rock band the smiths featured on their 1987 album louder than bombs .
you still move me is a song written by dan seals , and recorded by american country music artist dan seals .
tracy is a song by australian alternative rock band mogwai .
the music is a song by australian singer kate bush from her 1994 album the red shoes .
just call me lonesome is a song written by rex griffin , and recorded by american country music artist eddy arnold .
willow weep for me is a world war i song written by ann ronell and performed by american teenage singer , wess for me .
carolyn is a song written by tommy collins and carson and recorded by american country music group merle haggard and the strangers .
ev'ry body 's gon na be happy is a song written by ray davies and shel talmy and performed by the kinks .
hunt down is a song by american hard rock band soundgarden that first appeared in 1987 on the soundtrack to their sixth studio album , screaming life ( ep ) .
dynamite is a song recorded by american country music band desert dolphins .
 banditos is a song by the refreshments featured on their 1996 album fizzy fuzzy big buzzy .
sorrow is a song by the american rock band bad religion .
 teenage lament ' 74 is a song by american glam rock singer alice cooper , written by cooper with neal smith and produced by jack douglas and perry richardson .
girlfriend is a song by english glam rock band wings featured on their debut album , london town ( 1978 ) .
on a mission is a dance-pop song by australian singer gabriella cilmi from her debut studio album , ten ( 2010 ) .
the way i are is a dance-pop song by american singer bebe rexha from her third studio album , all your fault pt ( 2017 ) .
cool girl is a song by australian electropop singer tove lo from her debut studio album lady wood ( 2016 ) .
i can only imagine is a song by american singer david guetta from his debut studio album nothing but the beat ( 2012 ) .
a lot of things differen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
the final countdown is a song by the american glam rock band europe .
heat of the night is a song recorded by american singer paulina rubio for her debut studio album brava ! ( 2011 ) .
 stillborn is a song by american rock band black label society feat .
when i 'm gone is a song by american rock band 3 doors down .
shel me ou ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american hip hop band maroon 5 and julia michaels .
pop is dead is a song by american rock band radiohead .
in the street is a song by american glam rock band big star and is the lead track on their 1972 album # 1 record .
bino ballerina is a song by american glam rock band sweet jesus .
my oh my is a song recorded by american recording artist aqua for her 1996 studio album , aquarium .
the ballad of go go brown is a song written by glenn gregory , ian craig marsh and martyn ware , and recorded by american country music group heaven 17 .
shame is a song by american electronic group eurythmics featured on their 1987 album savage .
static is a 1988 song by american r b singer james brown , included in the album i 'm real .
me enamoré ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by argentine singer shakira for her eighth studio album el dorado ( 2017 ) .
st stole is a song by american singer kelly rowland from her second studio album , simply deep ( 2002 ) .
never dies is a song by the czech republic .
your obedient servant is a song by american singer-songwriter leslie odom jr .
sask me is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
child support is a song written by thom schuyler , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
 hood go crazy is a song by american rapper tech n9ne from his debut studio album , special effects ( 2015 ) .
man gave names to all the animals is a song by american singer bob dylan .
pinchocchio ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american eurodance artist pin-occhio .
my window is a song by estonia , and the main theme song from the greek film estonia .
venus ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lady gaga from her debut studio album , artpop ( 2013 ) .
fall in love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
 photograph is a song by american rock band nickelback from their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
finders keepers , losers weepers is a song written by dory jones , ollie jones and josh bates and performed by elvis presley .
bad blood is a 1999 song by the american rock band ministry .
every little thing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carlene carter .
jubilation is a gospel song by the american singer paul anka .
if i did n't have you is a song recorded by american country music artist thompson square .
songs of experience is a song by american r b singer luke james from his debut studio album , options ( 2014 ) , featuring rapper rick ross .
playing with numbers is a song by american singer and songwriter molly sterling .
stupid is a song by american singer sarah mclachlan from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 nippon ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by japanese singer ringo sheena for her eighth studio album , hi izuru tokoro ( 2014 ) .
 sunset now is a song by the british new wave and synth-pop band heaven 17 , released in 1984 as the lead single from their debut album how men are .
sway in hand is a song by american rapper dj quik , featuring rapper 2nd ii none el debarge , from his debut album rhythm-al-ism ( 1998 ) .
 secrets of the heart is a song written by chesney hawkes and nigel hinton , and recorded by american singer-songwriter buddy 's song .
dance oogie oogie is a song written by janice johnson and perry kibble , and performed by american disco artist a taste of honey .
 california sun is a song and single written by henry glover and performed by american country music artist joe jones .
color of your life is a song by australian singer michał szpak from her debut studio album byle być sobą ( 2015 ) .
 sweet but psycho ( my past ) is a song recorded by american singer ava max , it was released as the third single from her third studio album , the exhibitionist ( 2018 ) .
out of the question is a song written by gilbert o'sullivan and gordon mills .
so happy i could die is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , the fame monster ( 2009 ) .
 frequency is a song by american rapper kid cudi from her debut studio album , passion ( 2015 ) .
 hurting kind is a song by american musician robert plant written by jones and phil johnstone , and recorded by plant for his 1990 album , manic nirvana .
the new girl in schoo is a song written by jan berry , roger christian and brian wilson , and performed by american teenage duo jan and dean .
i n't that good news is a song performed by sam cooke and written by cooke with hugo luigi .
blue moon with heartache is a song written and recorded by american country music artist rosanne cash .
 god break down the door is a song by american hip hop recording artist nine inch nails from his third studio album , bad witch ( 2018 ) .
the killing moon is a song by english glam rock band echo the bunnymen featured on their debut album , ocean rain ( 1984 ) .
old red eyes is back is a song by the beautiful south that was first released on february 1992 .
heart and soul is a song written by mike chapman and nicky chinn , and recorded by english rock group huey lewis and the news .
seen it all is a song by british singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album jakes bugg ( 2013 ) .
the first thing ev'ry morning is a song written by jimmy dean and ruth roberts , and recorded by american country music artist jimmmy dean .
glass onion is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
trou honesty is a song by american rock band billy talent .
strasbourg is a song by english indie rock band the rakes featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 girl do n't tell me is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on june 28 , 1965 .
i go is a song by 2 unlimited , released as the third single from their sixth studio album real things .
 ali bomaye ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist jesus piece .
no sex for ben is a dance-punk song by the rapture from their sixth studio album grand theft auto iv .
 bang bang is a song by american singer selena gomez the scene .
 casual encounter is a song by american glam rock band divinyls and is the lead track on their debut album what a life !
swayin ' to missouri is a song written by bob merrill and performed by american teenage singer , bob .
she 's out of my life is a song written by tom bahler , and recorded by american singer michael jackson .
dope nose is a song by american rock band weezer .
 year zero is a song by the american doom metal band ghost .
time of the season is a song by the zombies featured on their 1968 album odessey and oracle .
rubband gir is a song by australian singer kate bush from her debut studio album the red shoes ( 1993 ) .
come inside is a song by british duo thompson twins and is the lead track on their debut album , queer ( 1991 ) .
in inhale is a song by american alternative rock band stone sour , released on july 7 , 2003 as the third single from the band 's seventh studio album , stone sour ( 2002 ) .
my heart 's fire is a song written by pat bunch , pam rose and mary ann kennedy , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
fall is a song recorded by american singer alana haim , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album days are gone .
ready to go is a song by english electronic group hurts .
cain ' to your city is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
 how he loves is a song by john mark mcmillan from his debut studio album , the sounds of breaking down ( 2005 ) .
my song 5 is a song by american hip hop artist haim , featuring rapper $ ap ferg , from his debut album days are gone ( 2014 ) .
all night is a song by american hip hop band the vamps and matoma .
wild for the nig is a song by american hip hop recording artist asap rocky from her debut studio album , long ( 2013 ) .
take back the city is a song by english alternative rock band snow patrol featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
songs of experience is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
the carpal tunnel of love is a song by american rock band fall out boy .
i do n't want to is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter toni braxton .
one week is a song by american glam rock band barenaked ladies and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
please me is a song by english indie rock band florrie .
i do n't mind is a 1961 r b song by james brown and the famous flames on motown records ' tamla label .
lay down your arms is a 1989 song by american glam rock band the graces featured on their album perfect view .
drop the hate is a song by american r b singer fatboy slim from his 2000 album halfway between the gutter .
l me be the one is a song written by roger nichols and paul williams and performed by american country music band carpenters .
lazy johnny is a song by american hip hop recording artist poe .
when i was a young gir is a song by feist from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
mine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift which hit no .
levitate is a song by american hip hop band hollywood undead from their debut album american tragedy redux ( 2011 ) .
humble neighborhoods is a song by american alternative rock band p!nk .
the one is a song by english electronic group moby .
chocolate girl is a 1988 song by american rock group deacon blue .
sound of freedo is a song by british recording artist bob sinclar and featuring vocals from american recording artist cutee b , released as the third single from his sixth studio album , soundz of freedom ( 2007 ) .
washed by the water is a song by the american christian rock band needtobreathe .
kiss me quiet is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jess moskaluke .
lift him up that 's a gospel song is a song by washington phillips .
sway me is a song written by neil diamond and tom catalano , and recorded by american singer nil diamond .
that 's my girl is a song recorded by the german europop band fifth harmony .
last of the steam-powered trains is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks as the opening track on their 1968 album the village green preservation society .
my way is a song by omar naber from his eighth studio album , on my way ( 2017 ) .
spring is a song by english singer gwen stefani from her debut studio album the sweet escape ( 2008 ) .
rain is a song by the american rock band creed .
that 's all rig is a song written by arthur crudup and tennessee , and recorded by elvis presley .
cold beer conversation is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
you 're so right for me is a song by american hard rock band rooster .
years & years is a song by english singer-songwriter olly murs from her debut studio album 24 hrs .
if i kiss you is a song written by liz anderson , and recorded by american country music artist lynn anderson .
long distance runaround is a song written by jon anderson , and recorded by english rock group yes .
 cheree is a song by the american rock band suicide .
i ca n't explain is a song written by pete townshend and shel talmy , and recorded by the american rock band the who .
again is a song by american rock band alice in chains .
do n't know how to be is a song by american electronic group god lives underwater .
stressed ou ( stylized as `` stressed ou '' ) is a song by japanese ramen band twenty one pilots that first appeared on november 10 , 2015 , as the lead single from their eighth studio album , blurryface ( 2015 ) .
tous les gens ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by joe ann , and recorded by american teenage singer joe Ann .
bus stop is a song written by graham gouldman and carson richards , and recorded by american rock band the hollies .
i wish is a song by american singer shanice .
breaking free is a song written and performed by american singer jamie houston .
the adams administration is a song written by robin macatangay , richard hammond and anja wood , and performed by american singer-songwriter hamilton .
 remedy is a song by american recording artist little boots from her third studio album , hands ( 2009 ) .
see you again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
i love to love is a song by american singer tina charles .
if i lose myself is a song by american hip hop band onerepublic .
sierra is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist maddie tae .
la soñadora ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by irish singer-songwriter enya .
break in vegas is a 1999 song by american singer praga khan .
s-s-i-single bed is a song written by kenny young , and recorded by american rock band fox .
stop is a song by the american rock band pink floyd featured on their debut album the wall ( 1979 ) .
 roll to me is a song by american rock band del amitri .
21 guns is a song by american alternative rock band green day .
fire is a song by american hip hop artist necro from his debut album , brutality part 1 ( 2002 ) .
i need is to be loved is a song by american singer-songwriter moby .
ad i is a dance-pop song by american singer esmée denters from her debut studio album outta here ( 2009 ) .
 razzia ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by australian musician rainhard fendrich .
do n't look back into the sun is a song by the libertines released on 18 august 2003 .
dynamite is a song by american singer-songwriter jermaine jackson .
wings is a song by american singer-songwriter ringo starr .
no more lies is a 1989 song by british singer michel ` le .
lover is a song by american europop band ne-yo .
in 100 years is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band modern talking .
gim me all your lovin ' is a song by american hard rock band zz top .
 musik ska byggas utav glädje is a song written by björn barlach and åke cato and recorded by lill lindfors .
 and i will kiss is a song by underworld from their debut album , isles of wonder ( 2012 ) .
you is a song by english glam rock band mcfly from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 chainsaw is a song recorded by american country music band perry .
lazy to me is a song by english rapper mikolas josef from his third studio album , 19 november 2017 .
songs of finesse is a song recorded by american singer bruno mars , featuring rapper cardi b a , from her third studio album 24k magic ( 2018 ) .
sand and a soda is a song recorded by american singer tamia for her debut studio album , love life ( 2015 ) .
one of these days is a song written by earl montgomery , and recorded by american country music artist emmylou harris .
mujhe budhha mil gaya ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by shankar jaikishan and performed by british singer lata mangeshkar .
do n't look down is a song by english musician martin garrix from his debut album , usher ( 2015 ) .
lock all the doors is a song by american alternative rock singer noel gallagher from his debut studio album , chasing yesterday ( 2015 ) .
strange relationship is a song by american singer-songwriter prince .
i 'm good is a song recorded by american recording artist blaque for her third studio album , honey ( 2004 ) .
the one i love is a song by american rock singer david gray from his second studio album , life in slow motion ( 2005 ) .
separated is a song by american alternative rock band avant , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter kelly rowland .
 heaven 's artillery is a world war i song composed by harry j. lincoln and performed by the american army .
possession is a song recorded by sarah mclachlan , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , fumbling towards ecstasy ( 1993 ) .
costumbres argentinas ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by andres calamaro , and recorded by argentine pop group los abuelos de la nada .
touch is a song by american synth-pop band shura from her debut studio album nothing 's real ( 2014 ) .
like a child is a song by american rock band jars of clay .
we 'll meet again is a world war i song written by ross parker and hughie charles , and performed by american singer vera lynn .
luiku ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by british recording artist cheek , featuring guest vocals from jonna .
dear than me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trent tomlinson .
 forever and ever , amen is a song written by paul overstreet and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .
dobars is a song by american hip hop recording artist flobots from her debut album , fight with tools ( 2008 ) .
something to dance for is a song recorded by american singer zendaya for her debut studio album , shake it up live 2 dance ( 2012 ) .
dibs is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kelsea ballerini .
 thrills in the nig is a song by american hard rock band kiss .
 temple is a song by american rock band kings of leon .
do n't play that song again is a song written by john springate and gerry shephard , and recorded by american singer nicki french .
tossing is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1990 album steel wheels .
wake up is a song by american deathcore band suicide silence .
l 's keep the glow in old glory is a world war i song in the style of a march .
the riverbank is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
out of my head is a song by american hip hop recording artist lupe fiasco from her debut studio album , lasers ( 2011 ) .
i am yours is a song by austria electronic group the makemakes from their debut studio album , i am yours ( 2015 ) .
shanghai breezes is a song written by john denver and barney wyckoff .
 beats of love is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band nacht und nebel .
 anklebiters is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
i wan na be your lover is a song by american r b singer prince .
after the love has gone is a 1999 song by american r b band steps .
she speeds is a song by american rock band straitjacket fits featured on their 1987 album life in one chord .
a face in the crowd is a song written by karen staley and gary harrison , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
whatever would i be is a song by the american rock band cheap trick .
you believed is a song by australian recording artist pandora , featuring rapper matt hewie , from her debut studio album , head up high ( 2010 ) .
anything but down is a song by american singer sheryl crow .
do n't go is a song by american electronic group yazoo .
sometimes she cries is a song by american glam rock band warrant .
grass ai n't greener is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , heartbreak on a full moon ( 2015 ) .
 nude is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their third studio album in rainbows .
headband is a song by american hip hop recording artist british recording artist 2 chainz .
dear the waters is a song by american glam rock band pantera that first appeared in 1996 on their sixth studio album the great southern trendkill .
it all started with a beer is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .
sway me is a song by american singer tom odell from his debut studio album , long way down ( 2013 ) .
the bad touc is a 1999 song by the american euro disco band bloodhound gang .
knowledge is a 1989 song by the american punk rock band operation ivy .
 forever is a song by american electronic group alekseev released on 10 january 2018 .
 me feel is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janelle monáe for her third studio album , dirty computer ( 2018 ) .
 masterpiece is a song by american r b singer atlantic starr .
do n't you know how much i love you is a song written by michael stewartdan williams , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
say you wo n't let go is a song by american singer-songwriter james arthur from his debut studio album back from the edge ( 2016 ) .
s suzy lee is a 1999 song by the white stripes on motown records ' tamla label .
 fins is a song written and recorded by american country music artist jimmy buffett .
postcard from heaven is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1999 ) .
immigration man is a song written by graham nash and bill halverson , and recorded by nash .
it 's yours is a song by american rapper jasper cameronnahum grymes .
 anima mia ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song composed by antonello de sanctis and flavio paulin and performed by group cugini di campagna .
holy diver is a song by american heavy metal artist dio .
s south american way is a world war i song written by al dubin and composed by jimmy mchugh .
big log is a song by american blues rock singer robert plant .
 eighteen strings is a song by english record producer tinman .
give this christmas away is a christmas song performed by american singer-songwriter matthew west , featuring guest vocals from american christian singer amy grant , from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
for goodness sakes , look at those cakes is a song by american funk singer james brown .
nobody 's angel is a song written by karen brooks and randy sharp , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
diana is a 1988 song by american singer michael jackson .
sway on water is a song by american electronic group thirty seconds to mars .
one last step is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shirley myers .
indian summer is a song by american alternative rock band stereophonics featured on their debut album , graffiti on the train ( 2013 ) .
break my heart is a 1988 song by shakespears sister and is the lead track on her debut studio album , sacred heart .
b bounce i is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j , featuring guest vocals from american rapper wale and trey songz .
white horse is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
after me is a song by the american rock band saliva .
keep growing strong is a 1970 song first recorded by american singer connie stevens .
sway tight is a song recorded by american rapper justin bieber , it was released as the lead single from his debut studio album , journals ( 2013 ) .
mixed personalities is a song by american hip hop artist ynw melly from her third studio album , we all shine ( 2019 ) .
you oughta be in love is a song by american new wave and rock band n .
hide is a song by the american rock band creed .
sun girl is a song by english rock and roll band herman 's hermits and written by geoff stephens and john carter .
year of tha boomerang is a song by american hip hop recording artist rage against the machine .
 for you is a song written by john spinks and suffolk , and recorded by american rock band the outfield .
bang bang is a song by american glam rock band iggy pop .
i got a million of ' e is a song written by ron hellard , michael garvin and bucky jones , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
good girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carrie underwood .
 ballerina is a song by van morrison , included in the album astral weeks .
kmosabe is a song by everything everything from their debut album arc ( 2013 ) .
everything is a song by american singer alanis morissette from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 faceless is a song by the american rock band red .
 for you is a song by british duo liam payne and rita ora .
brandy is a song by the american hard rock band looking glass featured on their 1972 album looking glass .
natural blues is a song by american singer-songwriter moby .
trouble is a song by nelly furtado from her debut studio album , folklore ( 2004 ) .
la prima cosa bella ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1970 song by nicola di bari and mogol .
immigrant song is a 1970 song by english hard rock band led zeppelin .
kiss you is a song by english r b singer des ` ree .
from st kilda to kings cross is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul kelly .
my brother jake is a hit song by free and is the b-side to the group 's `` only my soul '' single on 23 april 1971 .
i 'm only sleeping is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
 desperados under the eaves is a song written and performed by warren zevon .
sgun is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sheryl crow .
night life is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
any way you want i is a song by the american hard rock band journey .
d.s is a song by american singer michael jackson , featuring rapper slash .
life goes on is a song by american rock band the kinks featured on their 1976 album sleepwalker .
jag är ett bedårande barn av min tid ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a christmas song written by karl gerhard and produced by jules sylvain .
 flashlight is a song by australian singer kasia moś from her third studio album , poland ( 2018 ) .
 scarlet begonias ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the grateful dead from their 1974 album from the mars hotel .
i call your name is a song by american glam rock band a-ha .
what if punk never happened is a song by american rock band the king blues .
i me dit que je suis belle ( english : `` it 's a man world '' ) is a song written by sam brewski and robin millar , and recorded by american singer patricia kaas .
right here is a song by american singer-songwriter jess glynne from her debut studio album i cry when i laugh ( 2014 ) .
soulbreaking is a song by the american rock band the tea party .
the `` fish '' cheer i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin '' is a song written by joe and the fish , and recorded by american country music artist samuel charters .
 roly-poly is a song recorded by japanese recording artist t-ara for her debut studio album john travolta wannabe ( 2011 ) .
it 's only over for you is a song written by mike reid and rory bourke , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
on the road to calais is a world war i song written and performed by al jolson .
reality is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
i 'll just stay here and drink is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .
to be free is a song recorded by japanese recording artist arashi for her tenth studio album , beautiful world ( 2010 ) .
 regret in your tears is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her third studio album , march 10 , 2017 .
 april 29 , 1992 is a song by american hip hop recording artist sublime .
woman is a song by american glam rock band wolfmother from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
crackity jones is a 1989 song by american indie rock band pixies .
best of intentions is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist travis tritt .
s suffer we is a song by english electronic group depeche mode from their self-titled debut album ( see 2006 in music ) .
this body is a song recorded by american new wavepower pop band walk the moon , featuring vocals from american singer eli maimannicholas petriccakevin raysean waugaman , from the band 's debut studio album , talking is hard ( 2015 ) .
bad boy is a 1959 r b song written by larry williams and produced by london hlu 8844 .
here comes my baby is a song written by cat stevens and mike smith , and recorded by english rock band the tremeloes .
hit and run lover is a 2000 song by dead or alive .
sail shell is a song by american giants they might be giants is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1994 ) .
 oscar peterson is a world war i era r b singer and songwriter written by peterson with duke ellington .
like a rolling stone is a song by american singer bob dylan and is the lead track on his 1965 album , highway 61 revisited .
 part of me is a song by american rapper chris cornell from his debut studio album , scream ( 2008 ) .
 sweetener is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande , it was released as the third single from grande 's third studio album sweetener ( 2018 ) .
fair shake is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist foster lloyd which hit no .
 elenore is a song recorded by american rock band the turtles , credited to howard kaylan , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` battle of the bands '' single on september 1968 .
the heart of rock & ro is a song by johnny collahuey lewis and the news featured on their debut album , sports ( 1984 ) .
we can last forever is a song recorded by american rock band chicago .
my guitar wants to kill your mama is a 1969 song by frank zappa and the mothers of invention .
lazy day is a song by the moody blues featured on their 1969 album on the threshold of a dream .
there 's got ta be ) more to life is a song recorded by american singer stacie orrico .
my lover is a song by american singer-songwriter tracy chapman .
box of stones is a song by english alternative rock band benjamin francis leftwich .
t 's time for you to go is a song written by buffy sainte-marie and performed by american singer-songwriter buffy .
 how much love is a song written by barry mann and leo sayer , and recorded by american singer-songwriter leo .
the bird without wings is a song recorded by japanese recording artist superfly for her debut studio album , force ( 2012 ) .
 remedy is a song by american hip hop artist professor green from her debut studio album , at your inconvenience ( 2012 ) .
living hope is a song by phil wickham from his third studio album , living hope ( 2018 ) .
tender momen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee roy parnell .
masterplan is a song by english rock group johnny diesel , released in 1993 as the lead single from their second album the lobbyist .
your type is a song recorded by american singer carly rae jepsen , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , emotion ( 2015 ) .
 river song is a song written by dennis wilson and carl wilson , and recorded by wilson with gregg jakobson .
perfect strangers is a song by american singer-songwriter jonas blue from her debut studio album , blue ( 2015 ) .
it 's christmas time is a christmas song performed by american rock band status quo and written by rick parfittwayne morris .
 ventura highway is a song by america that was first released on september 19 , 1972 .
st du mit mir gehn ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a dance-pop song by nena .
by the beautiful sea is a world war i song in the style of a march .
it hurts too muc ( `` you 're mine '' ) is a song written by eric carmen , and recorded by american country music artist eric carsmen .
i 'm the one mama warned you abou is a song written by mickey james and gayle zeiler , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
trouble of the world is a song by english electronic group the cataracs , featuring british singer-songwriter devin star tailes , from their debut album , march 22 , 2011 .
some like it hot is a song by the funk band the power station that first appeared in 1985 on r b records ' tamla label .
sum jam is a song by the american hip hop band the underdog project .
baby , baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist david houston which hit no .
the lemon song is the sixth song of John bonhamchester burnetta 's debut solo album , led zeppelin ii .
 disco infiltrator is a dance-punk song by american electronic group lcd soundsystem .
lover and found is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn which hit no .
s sad mood is a song by sam cooke and written by cooke with hugo luigi .
canadian girls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody .
same ol' love is a song written by chris austingreg barnhill , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
start choppin is a song by american alternative rock band dinosaur jr .
fine china is a song by american singer chris brown from his debut studio album , x ( deluxe edition ) .
never quite got back is a song written by mike reid and don pfrimmer , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .
dance is a song by irish rock band u2 .
ten thousand fists is a song by american rock band disturbed .
dear donkey is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jerrod niemann .
you i know is a 1987 r b song by american singer jenny morris .
lantis is a song by american singer-songwriter donovan .
 opasna igra ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by nikolija for her eighth studio album , № 1 ( 2015 ) .
 grammy award for best r&b song is a song written by John Cage and performed by american r b group quality r b songs .
every needs a 303 is a song by american rapper fatboy slim from his 1996 album better living through chemistry .
l me give the world to you is a song by american alternative rock band smashing pumpkins featured on their debut album , adoreandmachina ii ( 2016 ) .
timantit on ikuisia ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by australian hip hop recording artist cheek .
when i look to the sky is a song recorded by american rock band train .
black man ray is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band china crisis .
i n't she somethin' else is a song written by bill rice and jerry foster , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
5 minutes is a song by english singer tinie tempah from her debut studio album , demonstration ( 2014 ) .
common thread is a song written by various artists and recorded by american country music artist various artists .
fine by me is a song by american singer chris brown from her debut studio album , royalty ( 2015 ) .
i got you is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam which hit no .
lass ihn is a song by gunvor and egon egemann and performed in english by switzerland .
just like anyone is a song by soul asylum that was first released on 2 september 1995 .
shower your love is a song by columbia pop group kula shaker .
 heaven is a song by american rapper john legend from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
nobody is a song by american rapper rick ross from his debut studio album mastermind ( 2014 ) .
we right here is a song by american hip hop recording artist dmx .
tender when i want to be is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
dress rehearsal rag is a 1970 song by british singer-songwriter leonard cohen .
cryine is a song by american electronic artist björk from her debut studio album , biophilia ( 2011 ) .
bostich is a song by american electronic group yello .
just a baby boy is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg from his second studio album , baby boy ( 2000 ) .
 ashes to ashes is a hit song performed by r b group the 5th dimension and written by dennis lambert and brian potter .
songs of experience is a song by australian punk rock band the saints featured on their 1978 album eternally yours .
unnecessary is a song by the american rock band green day .
kmp is a song by millencolin that was released on february 18 , 2002 , as the second single from their sixth studio album , home from home .
 camouflage is a song by american singer-songwriter stan ridgway .
lover wo n't wai is a dance-pop song by american singer gary barlow .
loud than ever is a song by english indie rock band cold war kids from their debut album mine is yours ( 2010 ) .
break the rules is a song by american singer charli xcx from her debut studio album , sucker ( 2014 ) .
do n't tread on me is a song by american glam rock band metallica .
i do n't want to be a hero is a song by american singer johnny hates jazz .
gloria ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian alternative rock band mando diao .
blue gangsta is a song by american rapper michael jackson from his debut studio album , xscape ( 2014 ) .
reuben and rache is a world war i era march song composed by harry birch and william gooch .
famous is a song by american singer nathan sykes from his debut studio album , unfinished business ( 2015 ) .
kowalski is a song by the american rock band primal scream .
honey is a song by australian singer kehlani .
mixed emotions is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1989 album , steel wheels .
we are one is a song by the american rock band kiss .
free me is a song by american singer joss stone from her debut studio album , colour me free ( 2009 ) .
this diamond ring is a song and single written by al kooper , bob brass and irwin levine and performed by american rock band gary lewis the playboys .
 older than you is a song by american singer eskimo joe from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
facing a miracle is a dance-pop song by american singer taylor dayne .
caldonia is a 1945 r b song by louis jordan and his tympany five and was first released as a b-side to the group 's `` jump blues '' single on motown records ' .
my bell is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hitomi yaida for her second studio album i/flancy ( 2002 ) .
the sacrament is a song by ville valo , included in the album love metal .
i dreamed is a song and single written by marvin moore and charles grean and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter charles german .
ca n't wait til tomorrow is a song written by barry alfanzobill and nealedennis matkosky , and recorded by american singer johnny gill .
tush is a song by english rock and roll band zz top and is the lead track on their 1975 album fandango !
 sweet dream is a 1969 song by jethro tull , included in the album stand up .
loss in music is a song by stereo mcs from their 1991 album , supernatural 1 .
lhearted is a 1987 song by american singer jenny morris .
my man and me is a song by lynsey de paul and me .
power is a song by the american power metal band helloween that first appeared in 1996 on their sixth album the time of the oath .
sweet lorraine is a song written by mick box , david byron and gary thain and performed by american singer-songwriter uriah heep .
best mistake is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande , featuring rapper big sean , from grande 's debut studio album , my everything ( 2014 ) .
you ai n't got nuthin is a song by american hip hop recording artist lil wayne , released as the lead single from his tenth studio album , tha carter iii ( 2008 ) .
pennyroyal tea is a song by american singer nirvana from her 1994 album in utero .
do yo thang is a song by american hip hop recording artist kj-52 from her debut album , the yearbook ( 2008 ) .
happy up here is a song by english electronic group röyksopp from their third studio album , junior ( 2009 ) .
close to the edge is a song by american progressive rock band thirty seconds to mars from their tenth studio album this is war .
i really want is a song by australian singer alanis morissette from her debut studio album jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .
 cymbaline is a 1969 song by the american rock band pink floyd .
the little grey mother is a world war i song composed by bernard grossman and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter harry de costa .
ing blood is a song by american thrash metal band slayer that first appeared in 1986 on their sixth album reign in blood .
tearrops on my guitar is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
out of my league is a song by american hip hop band fitz and the tantrums .
mama said is a 1961 r b song by the shirelles on motown records ' tamla label .
if i was your vampire is a song by american singer and songwriter marilyn manson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
walkin ' the dog is a world war i song in the style of a march .
tin machine is a 1989 song by the american rock band tin machine .
breat is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist faith hill .
somew out there is a song written by james hornerbarry manncynthia weil and james ingram , and recorded by american country music duo linda ronstadt and rhett butler and written by ingram with peter ashersteve tyrell .
s marry u is a song recorded by japanese recording artist super junior , released as the third single from her third studio album do n't don ( 2007 ) .
 teenage love affair is a song by american singer alicia keys from her debut studio album , as i am ( 2008 ) .
what i mean is a song by british alternative rock band modjo .
 outlaw is a song by american hip hop recording artist 50 cent .
 roar is a song recorded by american singer katy perry , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album prism ( 2013 ) .
 el amor ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written by efraín finesjoan ortiz and translated by tito el bambino .
i should have been true is a song written by raul malo and stan lynch , and recorded by american country music band the mavericks .
i love your smile is a song recorded by american singer shanice .
silly boy is a dance-pop song by american singer eva simons .
monster is a song by american alternative rock band imagine dragons from their debut album infinity blade iiisoundtrack ( 2013 ) .
growing of my hear is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her third studio album , diamond wave ( 2005 ) .
in 20-0-3 is a song by american country music artist joe jackson .
chimes is a song by american singer hudson mohawke .
mad hatter is a song by avenged sevenfold that was released on september 17 , 2018 .
big wheel is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
killer queen is a song by american rock band various artists released on august 9 , 2005 .
no longer slaves is a song by bethel music and featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter jonathan helser .
misty circles is a song by american new wave and roll band dead or alive .
she knows is a song by american rapper jermaine cole from his debut studio album , born sinner ( 2013 ) .
rough justice is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
while is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
hunt is a song by american singer and songwriter dido .
the blood is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john mayer for his fifth studio album , the search for everything ( 2017 ) .
longneck bottle is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit november 22 , 1997 .
the story of tonig is a song by american singer-songwriter lin-manuel miranda from her debut studio album hamilton ( 2015 ) .
we could go back is a song recorded by jonas blue , featuring guest vocals from british singer-songwriter moelogo .
give me my name back is a song by american singer meg mac , released as the third single from her third studio album , 12 october 2018 .
lover bell is a world war i era march song composed by joe goodwin and composed by halsey k. mohr .
i 'm going to kill myself is a song written by elton john and bernie taupin , and recorded by john for his 1972 album honky château .
always be with you is a song by american electronic group human nature .
one kind of love is a song by brian wilson from his debut studio album no pier pressure ( 2015 ) .
sway fast is a song by american christian rock band mercyme .
when i found you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michelle wright .
treat you rig is a song by american rapper luther vandross .
 greedy sou is a song by american rock singer-songwriter liam gallagher .
st roots is a song by american hip hop band imagine dragons from their debut album , evolve ( 2015 ) .
unanswered is a song by american electronic group the veronicas from their sixth studio album , hook me up ( 2007 ) .
always i go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist phil vassar .
she does it rig is a song by the american rock band dr. feelgood .
in ' red is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dustin lynch .
 hi ho silver lining is a song and single written by english / weiss and performed by the attack .
history lesson is a song by english indie rock band minutemen that was first released on july 1984 .
 eternity road is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on the band 's debut album to our children 's children ( 1969 ) .
first we take manhattan is a song by american singer-songwriter jennifer warnes .
pickin ' up strangers is a song written by by byron hill , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .
broken heels is a dance-pop song by american singer alexandra burke from her debut studio album , overcome ( 2010 ) .
nothin ' but the taillights is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
britweet is a song by american singer fantasia from her debut album back to me ( 2010 ) .
 ma révolution ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by jenifer bartoli , and the main theme song from the greek film le passage .
only love is a song by nana mouskouri , and the main theme song from the greek film the past .
 bye and bye is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
heads will roll is a song by american electronic group yeah yeah yeahs .
all the above is a song by american rapper maino , featuring rapper t-pain , from his debut studio album if tomorrow comes ( 2009 ) .
i 'm hitting the trail to normandy is a world war i song in the style of a march .
peacekeeper is a song by english rock band fleetwood mac .
 stranger is a song by estonian alternative rock band the rasmus released on 15 may 2012 .
a teenager 's romance is a song written by david gillam and ricky nelson , and performed by american teenage singer ricky Nelson .
i love rock 'n' ro is a song by american hard rock band the arrows .
 ' 39 is a song by american glam rock band queen .
i 'm gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cyndi thomson .
bfast child is a 1989 song by irish alternative rock band simple minds from their second album , street fighting years .
lover love is a song by r b singer lou rawls from her debut album when you hear lou , you 've heard it ( 1978 ) .
strada del sole ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian singer-songwriter rainhard fendrich .
i did it is a song by english rock group dave matthews band .
she 's madonna is a song recorded by american singer robbie williams , featuring rapper pet shop boys , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
bear alive by love is a song by ville valo , included in the album love metal .
shel me understand is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
 ojalá pudiera borrarte ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer maná .
it roll is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist emerson drive with doc walker .
giv slip is a song recorded by medina for her debut studio album , 25 august 2014 .
dance drop is a song by american r b singer dion .
dear of youth is a song by american singer alice cooper and is the lead track on her debut studio album , welcome to my nightmare ( 1975 ) .
 butterfly is a song by the smile band that was first released on november 2 , 1998 .
janie jones is a song by english punk rock band the clash .
petite fille is a song written by micky jones tommy brown and georges aber , and performed by american singer johnny hallyday .
human race is a song by american singer margaret urlich from her 1992 album chameleon dreams .
s hit me with your best sho is a song written by eddie schwartz , and recorded by american singer-songwriter pat benatar .
 sunday mornin ' is a song written by margo guryan and our gang .
go gone is a song by american singer estelle from her second studio album the 18th day ( 2005 ) .
lover profusion is a song by american singer madonna from her second studio album american life ( 2002 ) .
the girls is a song by american rapper calvin harris from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
pink talk is a song by american singer sylvia .
you ai n't woman enough is a song written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
only sixteen is a r b song by sam cooke and written by cooke with bumps blackwell .
to stay is a dance-pop song by new order from their second album 24 hour party people ( 2002 ) .
solid gold easy action is a song by english glam rock band t.rex .
so sad is a song written by george harrison and november 1973 .
sway girl is a song recorded by american singer kulcha .
sway is a song by american singer hilary duff from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
you do n't care is a hit song performed by r b singer arthur alexander and written by him with jerry willis .
jump they say is a song by american musician david bowie .
chorning the sun is a song by american singer-songwriter billy talent from her debut studio album , hits ( 2014 ) .
s renegade is a song by american hard rock band styx that first appeared in 1979 on the soundtrack to their debut album pieces of eight .
outta my head is a song by american rock band daughtry from their debut album , break the spell ( 2012 ) .
this time is a song by american country music artist bryan adams .
team is a song by american hip hop artist lorde from her debut ep , pure heroine ( 2013 ) .
remember is a song written by shadow morton and 1 jeff barry , and recorded by american country music group the shangri-las .
easy come , easy go is a song written by aaron barker and dean dillon , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
the road is a song by american hip hop recording artist tyga , featuring guest vocals from american rapper chris brown , from his debut studio album hotel california ( 2013 ) .
vision of love is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
capital radio one is a song by the clash that was first released on 9 april 1977 .
i 'm in is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist radney foster .
songs by english singer gilbert o'sullivan is the lead track on her debut album i 'm a writer , not a fighter .
fight night is a song by american hip hop recording artist migos .
día de suerte ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer alejandra guzmán released on february 2 , 2011 , as the first single off her eighth studio album 20 años de éxitos en vivo con moderatto .
i 'll cast a shadow is a song by american glam rock band pantera .
 beginnings is a 1970 song by chicago transit authority that was first released as a b-side to the group 's `` poem 58 '' .
if you love me is a song by american recording artist brownstone .
drink in my cup is a song by american rapper kirko bangz .
m mundo de caramelo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group danna paola .
take me out is a song by english indie rock singer franz ferdinand from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
stop the sun is a song written and recorded by american country music artist bonnie guitar .
 bang is a song by american rapper kardinal offishall from his second studio album , kill bloodclott bill ( 2004 ) .
you can have it all is a song by american disco artist george mccrae .
s oceans is a song by english rock band pearl jam , released as the second single from their tenth studio album , ten .
world of our own is a song by english rock band westlife .
jambi is a song by american progressive metal band tool .
my humps is a song by american hip hop band the black eyed peas featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
blood and water is a song by the american alternative rock band palm springs released on december 2008 .
i n't no doub ( `` what can i say '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist jimmy nail .
best thing i never had is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 ( 2011 ) .
cain ' in ho is a song by american hip hop band hollywood undead from their debut album american tragedy ( 2011 ) .
re is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ai otsuka for her debut studio album , love fantastic ( 2013 ) .
some things you never get used to is a song by american singer diana ross the supremes .
i 'm glad is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez .
so deep within you is a song by the moody blues featured on their 1969 album on the threshold of a dream .
dinner with gershwin is a dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter donna summer .
i got ants in my pants is a song by james brown , first released as a b-side to his `` jumpin my pants '' single on november 1972 .
brand new me is a 1969 r b song by dusty springfield .
unappreciated is a song by american recording artist cherish .
i believe in a thing called love is a song by the darkness from their third studio album , permission to land ( 2003 ) .
t teen age prayer is a song written by bix reichner and bernie lowe and performed by american country music band gale storm .
breat is a song by american singer anna nalick from her second studio album , wreck of the day ( 2005 ) .
lover 's love is a song by american singer melanie c .
new mistake is a song by american rock band jellyfish that first appeared in 1993 on the soundtrack to their third studio album spilt milk .
there 's no home for you here is a song by american rock band the white stripes featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 dreamy eyes is a song written and performed by johnny tillotson .
 wish is a song by american hard rock band nine inch nails that first appeared in 1992 on their 1992 album broken .
my girl is a song by american singer-songwriter donnie iris .
whatever it is is is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band .
swayin ' safari is a song and single written by brian wilsonmike love and murry wilson , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
 nineties is a song by american hip hop band busted .
now is a song by american alternative rock band paramore , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , paramore ( 2013 ) .
fire is a song by irish rock band u2 .
beat around the bus is a song written by wayne burt and ross wilson , and recorded by american rock band jo jo zep the falcons .
fall into you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group whiskey falls which hit no .
what do you care is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist patricia conroy .
 river is a song by joni mitchell and is the lead track on her debut studio album , blue ( 1971 ) .
 roll up is a song by american rapper wiz khalifa from her debut studio album , rolling papers ( 2011 ) .
save salvation lassie of mine is a world war i song written by jack caddigan chick story and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
 from eden is a song by english indie rock band hozier .
room on the 3rd floor is a song by american hip hop band mcfly .
hot dog buddy buddy is a song written by bill haley and his comets .
saturday nig ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer oliver cheatham .
the block party is a song by american rapper lisa lopes .
james dean is a dance-pop song by american rapper daniel bedingfield .
is island of dreams is a song and single written by tom springfield and johnson boys and performed by american country music group the springfields .
allting som vi sa ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by yvonne dahlbomjesper welanderida redig and recorded by american singer ida her daughter .
show you off is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dan + shay .
so che darei ( english translation : `` if you need me now '' ) is a song by italian singer alan sorrenti .
deadwood is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter toni braxton from her third studio album , sex cigarettes ( 2017 ) .
one more light is a song by american soft rock band linkin park .
songs in reverse is a song by american rock and roll band sing hollies in reverse .
37 stitches is a song by the american rock band drowning pool , released as the lead single from their third studio album , full circle ( 2008 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american glam rock band guns n ' roses featured on their 1991 album , use your illusion ii .
 es demasiado tarde ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by ana gabriel which was first released on 4 september 1990 .
shade is a song by the american hard rock band silverchair that first appeared in 1994 on grunge records 's debut album frogstomp .
sauver l'amour is a song written by daniel balavoine and produced by andy scott .
lucky to be unhappy is a world war i song composed by lorenz hart and composed by richard rodgers .
in ' blind is a song written by gene simmons and stephen coronel , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
 mirrors is a song by american singer-songwriter natalia kills from her debut studio album perfectionist ( 2010 ) .
i wan na make you cry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jeff bates .
cupid shuffle is a dance-pop song by american hip hop artist cupid .
 chop my money is a song by american recording artist p-square from her debut studio album , the invasion ( 2011 ) .
 ecou ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer elena gheorghe , featuring rapper glance , from her debut studio album , glance ( 2013 ) .
 sanctified lady is a song by american r b singer marvin gaye .
great day is a song by american rock band take that .
warning is a song by the american rock band green day .
my last date is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis which hit no .
 martian hop is a 1961 r b song by the ran-dells on motown records ' tamla label .
my love goes on and on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
santa tell me is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande for her debut studio album christmas kisses ( 2014 ) .
you let me walk alone is a song by american singer michael schulte from his third studio album dreamer ( 2018 ) .
come se non fosse stato mai amore ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer laura pausini from her second studio album resta in ascolto ( 2005 ) .
long promised road is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1971 album surf 's up .
tear party is a song by american electronic group kerli .
 nowhere is a song by the american rock band therapy ? .
 mirage ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer alexandra savior from her third studio album belladonna of sadness ( 2017 ) .
cairo is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band bananarama .
one better world is a 1989 song by abc .
by your side is a song by american singer jonas blue from her debut studio album blue ( 2016 ) .
 sunday sun is a song by the american singer-songwriter beck .
 intervention is a song by english indie rock band arcade fire from their sixth studio album , neon bible ( 2007 ) .
tell it like it is is a song written by george davislee diamond and performed by american r b singer aaron neville .
i 'm in touch with your world is a song by the cars featured on their debut album the cars in 1978 .
 march of the pigs is a song by american industrial metal band nine inch nails featured on their 1994 album the downward spiral .
the scottish wildlife experience is a song by english indie rock band british sea power .
the price of love is a song written by don everly and phil everly , and recorded by american rock band the everly brothers .
to self is a song by english indie rock band travis .
ventral cosmic rocker is a song by the moody blues and is the lead track on the band 's debut album long distance voyager ( 1981 ) .
wait for the great leap forwards is a song by english singer-songwriter billy bragg written by bragg with musicians and produced by american rock group workers playtime .
valerie is a song by english indie rock band the zutons from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
one way ticket is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .
sun on my shoulders is a song by john denver , written by denver with dick kniss and mike taylor and recorded by american singer-songwriter john deniver .
do that to me one more time is a song by american singer-songwriter captain tennille .
the worrying kind is a song recorded by the ark for their seventh studio album prayer for the weekend ( 2007 ) .
i 'll miss the man is a hit song written by stephen schwartz and hollywood , and recorded by american r b group the supremes .
 encore une fois ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by ralf kappmeiersascha lappessentomas and carson lüdke , and recorded by sash !
do n't let us sing anymore about war , is a world war i song written by harry lauder and composed by lauder with victor records .
bad attitude is a song by american singer girlfriend .
life is a miracle is a song by no angels from their seventh studio album kleiner dodo ( 2008 ) .
break in the weather is a song recorded by american singer jenny morris , written by morris with tam morris and produced by nick launay .
to the king is a song by avenged sevenfold from their debut album , hail to the king ( 2013 ) .
maría ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group ricky martin .
do the dangle is a song written and recorded by john entwistle which hit november 1972 .
if you were a woman is a song written by desmond child and carson child , and recorded by american teenage singer bonnie tyler .
attack me with your love is a song by american r b group cameo .
Everybody is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
cry baby is a song by english singer-songwriter chris crombygemma abbey .
this time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist patricia conroy which hit no .
very special is a 1981 r bsoul song by american singer debra laws .
 ooh la la ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist coolio .
the day that never comes is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
it only hurts when i cry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam which hit no .
 sympathy is a 1970 song by rare bird that was first released as a b-side by the band on motown records ' tamla label .
gift shop is a song by american hip hop band the tragically hip .
what a crying shame is a song by the mavericks that was first released on november 1993 .
lover meeting love is a song by the american jazz band level 42 , first released as a b-side on 1980 .
fall slowly is a song by english indie rock band glen hansard and markéta irglová .
i forgive you is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her debut studio album , stronger ( 2011 ) .
come summer is a song by fra lippo lippi , and the main theme song from the german film the new wave .
hello , saying i love you , is a song written by jeff barry , brad burg and dene hotheinz and recorded by american country music artists jim ed brown and helen cornelius .
sh hotter than hell is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .
lover war is a song by american rock band kings of leon .
l lucretia my reflection is a song by english glam rock band the sisters of mercy featured on their 1988 album , floodland .
i remember you is a 1989 song by skid row that was first released as a b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on november 1989 .
v is a song by american singer k. michelle .
do n't ever leave me is a song recorded by american singer jermaine stewart .
lazy train is a song written by donald swann and ken lee .
always is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cummings .
just let me know is a hit song performed by the temptations and written by berry gordy and jr. robinson .
in your room is a song by american glam rock band the bangles featured on their 1988 album everything .
watch , hope and wait little girl is a world war i era march song composed by lew brown and composed by will clayton .
sleepin ' with the radio on is a song written by stephen allen davis , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .
salt lake city is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
that ai n't no way to go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn which hit no .
you mine is a song by american singer nina .
pretty girl rock is a song by american singer keri hilson from her debut studio album no boys allowed ( 2010 ) .
the bird is a song written by hal coleman and barry etris , and recorded by american country music artist jerry reed .
break my stride is a song by american rapper matthew wilder .
no matter what sign you are is a 1969 song by british funk band diana ross the supremes .
i might be wrong is a song by american electronic group radiohead .
 glory to the brave is a song by hammerfall that was released on 20 october 1997 .
death and the maiden is a song by english glam rock band the verlaines and is the lead track on their debut album june 1983 .
hexagram is a song by american alternative rock band deftones released on december 30 , 2003 , as the second single from their second studio album , deftones ( 2002 ) .
i drink alone is a song by american rock and roll band george thorogood the destroyers featured on their 1985 album maverick .
 promise is a song recorded by american singer ciara harris , featuring rapper jamal jones , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
 opposite is a song by american alternative rock band biffy clyro from their debut album opposites ( 2013 ) .
many shades of black is a song by american r b group the raconteurs featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
what you made me do is a dance-pop song by american singer taylor swift from her third studio album , reputation ( 2017 ) .
blue jay way is a song written by george harrison and 6 october 1967 , and recorded by the beatles .
 how can you mend a broken hear is a song written by barry gibb and robin gibb , and recorded by american country music artist bee gees .
you belong to me is a song by american electronic group jx , featuring guest vocals from american singer shèna .
do n't you believe i is a song written by burt bacharach and bob hillard , and performed by american singer and songwriter andy williams .
alla har glö is a song written by peter himmelstrand and towa carson , and recorded by american singer-songwriter towa caron .
i.p is a song by american recording artist rita ora , featuring guest vocals from american singer tinie tempah .
no one else comes close is a song by american r b singer joe .
when a man loves a woman is a hit song performed by american r b singer percy sledge and written by lewis and andrew wright .
 sunday papers is a song by american singer joe jackson written by jackson with david kershenbaum and produced by ken lee .
canadian sunse is a song written by eddie heywood and norman gimbel , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter hugo winterhalter .
this ai n't no picnic is a song written by dennis boon , and recorded by american rock band the minutemen .
do n't walk away is a song by american recording artist jade .
songs of experience is a song by american r b group 702 .
life wasted is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
i 'm sorry for you , my friend is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
color him father is a song written by richard lewis spencer and don carroll , and recorded by american rock band the winstons .
sorti de l'enfer ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by the american trance band infernal .
dove is a song performed by american recording artist moony .
i do n't play tha ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter la toya jackson , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , january 29 , 2007 .
 way with words is a song by bahamas from their third studio album , earthtones ( 2017 ) .
your memory is a song written by charles quillen and john schweers , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .
daniel is a song by english singer-songwriter bat for lashes from her debut studio album two suns ( 2009 ) .
spoken for is a song by american christian rock band mercyme .
you ready is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
i n't that a shame is a song written by antoine domino and dave bartholomew , and recorded by american rock and rollin ' artist fats domino .
 sweet dreams is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2009 ) .
 äärirajoille ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by cheek from their debut album , august 2014 .
i miss you is a song by american singer darren hayes from her second studio album , spin ( 2002 ) .
 castle on the hi is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter ed sheeran .
give ireland back to the iris is a song by australian glam rock band wings .
just because is a song by american singer-songwriter ginuwine from her 2000 album the life .
chasing pavements is a song by american singer and songwriter adele from her debut studio album , 19 ( 2008 ) .
i wan na sex you up is a song written by elliot straite , and recorded by american rock band color me badd .
there with you is a song by the american pop band human nature .
take a chance on me is a song by australian europop band abba .
nothing as it seems is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .
houdini is a song by english indie rock band foster the people from their debut album , torches ( 2011 ) .
do anything you want to is a song by american rock band thin lizzy .
white trash millionaire is a song by american rock band black stone cherry .
sway away is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1979 album walk away .
freedom someday is a song written by mark king , phil gould and mike lindup , and recorded by american rock band level 42 .
hey hey , my my is a song by neil young and crazy horse , and is the lead track on their debut album rust never sleeps .
never dreamed you 'd leave in summer is a hit song performed by r b singer stevie wonder and written by wonder with syreeta wright .
down the road is a song recorded by c2c for their debut studio album tetra ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) .
live forever is a song by magnus carlsson , released as a single on march 5 , 2007 as the second single from his seventh studio album , `` live forever '' .
yeah is a song by english record producer lcd soundsystem from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
time bomb is a song by english ska punk band rancid released on november 1 , 1995 .
 freeway of love is a song by aretha franklin and is the lead track on her debut album , who 's zoomin ' who ? .
loss ca is a song by american alternative rock band catatonia .
diana is a song and single written by joe sherman and paul anka and performed by anka .
swayin ' is a 1961 song by the american rock band the beach boys , first recorded as a b-side by brian wilson and mike love .
gold hear is a song by american country music artist mark knopfler .
sway of heartbreak is a 1961 song written by paul hampton and hal david , and recorded by american country music artist don gibson .
la mia risposta ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1999 song by argentine singer laura pausini .
the way i am is a song recorded by american singer sandra .
the show is a song by american singer-songwriter lenka .
eres mi sueño ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer-songwriter fonseca released on november 30 , 2011 , as the first single off her eighth studio album ilusión .
outro is a song by american dream pop band m83 , released as the lead single from their debut studio album hurry up , we 're dreaming .
 madness is a song written by elton john and gary osborne , and recorded by john for his 1978 album a single man .
 optimistic is a song written by aubrey freeman , tennessee and u.s. country music artist skeeter davis and recorded by davis for his 1961 studio album , blueberry hill .
 into white is a 1970 song written by cat stevens and produced by paul samwell-smith .
around the world is a song by english drum and bass band daft punk .
b bait a hook is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .
it 's so easy is a 1970 r b song by andy williams .
 fairy tale hig is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1976 album october 31 , 1977 .
i 've had enough is a song by english rock and roll band earth , wind fire .
 mi santa ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer romeo santos released on january 24 , 2012 , as the first single off his eighth studio album formula , vol .
thank blessed texas is a song written by porter howell and brady seals 3 , and recorded by american country music artist little texas .
take 2 to tango is a song performed in english by finland by jari sillanpää .
cain out strong is a song by american hip hop recording artist future , featuring guest vocals from american singer the weeknd .
2 + 2 = 5 is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead from their third studio album , hail to the thief ( 2003 ) .
ca tänne jää ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by jare henrik tiihonen and written by eric helena maureen antttila , juha-matti penttila and ossi and recorded by estonian rapper cheek .
i n't it funny is a song by american singer jennifer lopez from her second studio album , j to tha l -- o ! ( 2002 ) .
stuck with me is a 1981 r b song by bobby byrdsusaye brown , included in the album soul syndrome .
to daddy is a song written by dolly parton , and recorded by american country music artist emmylou harris .
l 's put out the lights is a world war i song written by herman hupfeld and rudy vallee .
songs of experience is the sixth song of the vines 's second album , highly evolved ( 2002 ) .
 tomorrow is a song by american hard rock band silverchair that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album , frogstomp .
 at seventeen is a song by american singer-songwriter janis ian from her 1974 album between the lines .
 yo mister is a 1989 song by american singer patti labelle .
every i write the book is a song written and performed by elvis costello and the attractions .
shove is a 1990 song by the american hard rock band l7 .
one more time is a song by american singer benjamin ingrosso from his debut studio album , 18 august 2017 .
samba ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a dance-pop song by american singer ricky martin released on september 18 , 2011 , as the first single off her eighth studio album más música + alma + sexo .
all the rage back home is a song by american indie rock band interpol .
lazy night is a song written by neil sedaka and recorded by american singer-songwriter captain tennille .
never be anyone else but you is a song written by baker knight , and recorded by american teenage singer ricky nelson .
 attitude is a song by the american alternative rock band alien ant farm .
sput the x in sex is a 1988 song by the american glam rock band kiss .
kick it is a song by english hip hop recording artist scrufizzer from her debut album 4 october 2013 .
you have placed a chill in my hear is a song by american electronic group eurythmics featured on their 1988 album savage .
 and roses and roses is a song written by ray gilbert and dorival caymmi , and performed by american singer andsongwriter andy williams .
the last goodbye is a song by the american alternative rock band atomic kitten , released on november 25 , 2002 as the second single from their sixth studio album , feels so good .
 forty days and nights is a song written by jimmy rankin and recorded by american country music group the rankin family .
 christmas will break your hear is a song by english indie rock band lcd soundsystem released on december 24 , 2015 .
i like chopin ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by gazebo and is the main theme song from the group 's debut album gazyebo ( 1983 ) .
do n't panic is a song by american hip hop recording artist french montana .
thank you is a song by american singer lady gaga from her debut studio album , artpop ( 2013 ) .
tuff enuff is a song by american rock and roll band the fabulous thunderbirds featured on their 1986 album tuffenuff .
 forever do n't las is a song by american singer jazmine sullivan from her debut studio album , reality show ( 2014 ) .
right here , right now is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist charlie major .
stearman is a song by david bowie and the spiders from mars .
highlife is a song by american hip hop recording artist cypress hill .
lucky is a song by lucky twice and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
should 've said no is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist taylor swift .
when tomorrow comes is a song by american rock band eurythmics featured on their 1986 album revenge .
be myself is a song by american singer sheryl crow from her debut studio album , april 21 , 2017 .
h harry patch is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead .
what have they done to the rain is a song written by malvina reynolds and kapp 644 and performed by the searchers .
the merry-go-round broke down is a world war i song written by mel blanc and charles fleischer and performed by american singer-songwriter bob hoskins .
next door to an ange is a song written by neil sedaka and howard greenfield .
me and a gun is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter tori amos .
s start a fire is a song recorded by azerbaijan singer dilara kazimova .
i wonder if i take you home is a song by american singer lisa lisa and cult jam with full force .
goodnight goodnight is a song by english indie rock band hot hot heat from their second album , elevator ( 2005 ) .
cry is a song by the american alternative rock band the used .
ahead of myself is a song by american hip hop band x ambassadors from their third studio album , joyful ( 2017 ) .
just the way you are is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel .
i 'm fro is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jason michael carroll .
revolution radio is a song by american alternative rock band green day .
ready to go is a song by american electronic group panic ! from their debut studio album , vices virtues ( 2011 ) .
sway in new england is a song by american musician barry manilow .
i want to do is a song recorded by american country music band sugarland , it was released as the third single from their tenth studio album , love on the inside .
bed of roses is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
 heaven is a song by the american alternative rock band birds of pray .
hey girl is a song by the british rock band small faces featured on their 1966 album `` almost grown '' .
the woman you love is a song recorded by american singer ashanti , featuring rapper busta rhymes , from her debut studio album , american pop song ( 2011 ) .
sometimes is a song recorded by britney spears , released as the second single from her tenth studio album , baby one more time .
runnin ' away with my hear is a song written by michael brittsam hoginmark and don cookwally wilson , and recorded by american country music artist lonestar .
holiday is a song recorded by american recording artist girls ' generation , it was released as the third single from her third studio album , holiday night ( 2017 ) .
all the madmen is a 1970 song by david bowie , included in the album the man who sold the world .
do n't ask me why is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel written by joel with phil ramone and produced by ramone .
red neckin ' love makin ' nig is a song written by troy seals and max d. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
 thrift shop is a song by american hip hop recording artist macklemore ryan lewis from his debut ep , the heist ( 2012 ) .
sway is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her debut studio album , april 16 , 2015 ( 2015 ) .
no man 's woman is a song by american singer sinéad o'connor from her second studio album , faith and courage ( 2000 ) .
 ( just like ) starting over is a song written by john lennon , yoko ono and jack douglas and performed by american singer johnlennon .
broken vow is a song by american singer lara fabian .
pretty girl is a song by american singer maggie lindemann from her debut studio album , september 30 , 2016 .
wind song is a song by american singer ruslana .
club bizarre is a song by u96 , and the main theme song from the greek film club bizarre .
i told you so is a song by american hip hop recording artist karmin from her debut ep hello ( 2011 ) .
hey is a song written by tim pagnotta and ryan gillmor , and recorded by american singer-songwriter mitchel musso .
cold life is a song by the american rock band ministry .
the light is a song by spock 's beard that was first released on 1995 .
i will , if you wi is a song written by randy goodrum and john barlow jarvis , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
 american idiot is a song by american punk rock band green day .
 bang is a song by american punk rock band green day from their debut album , revolution radio ( 2015 ) .
you make me feel like dancing is a song by american singer-songwriter leo sayer from his 1976 album endless flight .
flower of the universe is a song by american singer sade from her third studio album , a wrinkle in time ( 2018 ) .
shirayuki ( stylized as `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist myname for her debut studio album five stars ( 2013 ) .
living in stereo is a song recorded by american recording artist r.i.o .
night lover is a song by american recording artist the system .
k me is a song by american glam rock band sleeping with sirens from their debut album , madness ( 2014 ) .
 christianity is stupid is a song by american rock band negativland , released as the lead single from their 1987 album escape from noise .
new world coming is a 1970 song by american singer `` mama '' cass elliot .
 soft and we is a song by american singer-songwriter prince .
sun is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jonathan edwards which hit no .
 crawl is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , graffiti ( 2009 ) .
breaking new ground is a song written by carl jacksonjerry salley , and recorded by american country music band wild rose .
s sing along is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rodney atkins .
rockaway beach is a song by american punk rock band ramones and is the lead track on their debut album , rocket to russia ( 1977 ) .
 utah , this is the place is a song written by utah and recorded by american country music artist utah .
my truly , truly fair is a song written by bob merrill and mitch miller and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter guy mitchell .
we are the world is a song by english recording artist twenty 4 seven , released as the lead single from her 1996 album twenty 4 hours a day .
lover is a lifetime is a song by american alternative rock band better than ezra .
fine print is a song by american singer nadia ali from her debut studio album , embers ( 2009 ) .
lover is a 1999 song by american singer madonna .
do n't dream it 's over is a song by american rock band crowded house .
 underneath it a is a song by american reggae recording artist no doubt , featuring vocals from american singer lady saw .
my bell is a dance-pop song by english singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2008 ) .
you live is a song written by chris braide , desmond child and andreas carlsson , and performed by american singer-songwriter jesse mccartney .
down at the doctors is a song by american rock and roll band dr. feelgood .
the long and winding road is a 1970 song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by phil spector .
i 'm over you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley which hit no .
it 's love is a song by american hard rock band king 's x .
i love you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist 2ne1 for her debut studio album , crush ( japan edition ) .
will you be there is a song by american rock band heart .
the musical box is a song by the american progressive rock band genesis .
my somebody is a song by bryan adams , included in his debut solo album , reckless ( 1985 ) .
blue rose is a song recorded by japanese recording artist shizuka kudo for her debut studio album , expose ( 1994 ) .
gravity is a song recorded by japanese recording artist maaya sakamoto for her seventh studio album , february 21 , 2003 .
cold day in july is a song written by richard leigh , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
 hotline bling is a song by american rapper drake .
sway blue is a song written by bob crewe , bud rehak and eddie rambeau and performed by american singer diane renay .
 gyroscope is a song by the american rock band the tea party , released as the second single from their tenth studio album , transmission ( 1998 ) .
i 'm leavin ' is a song by american hip hop recording artist outsidaz from her second studio album , the bricks ( 2002 ) .
you do n't treat me no good is a song performed by american singer sonia dada .
in love with a dj is a song by american electronic group ron carroll and cece peniston .
dear love is a song by english indie rock band the lumineers released on october 3 , 2012 .
dancin ' cowboys is a song written by david bellamy and carson bros , and recorded by american country music band the bellamy brothers .
tearless is a song by john legend from his eighth studio album , john legend ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) .
train wreck is a song by american rapper james arthur .
ordinary girl is a song by american singer alison moyet from her 1987 album raindancing .
early christmas morning is a song recorded by american singer cyndi lauper , featuring vocals from american teenage singer-songwriter jan pulsford , from her 1996 album merry christmas .
5 years time is a song by american indie rock band noah and the whale .
lights on is a song by american singer katy b , featuring rapper ms. dynamite .
dear died is a song by american glam rock band alice in chains .
lvi stubbs ' tears is a song by english rock and roll artist billy bragg written by bragg with john porter and produced by porter .
the great compromise is a song written and performed by john prine .
i wonder what they 're doing to-night is a world war i song composed by lew brown and al harriman and performed by john c. egan .
 lesson learned is a song by american rock band alice in chains from their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
mobile is a song by american singer avril lavigne .
there goes my heart is a song recorded by the mavericks and released as the second single from their self-titled debut album ( 1994 ) .
 texarkana is a song written by berrypeter buckmike millsmike and carson stipe , and recorded by american country music group r.e.m .
still is a song recorded by american singer tamia .
give me all your luvin ' is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , mdna ( 2011 ) .
my way is a song written by eddie cochran and jerry capehart , and recorded by american rock and roll singer eddie cchran .
this old hear is a song by james brown and the famous flames featured on their 1960 album think !
best year of my life is a song written by eddie rabbitteven stevens , and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
anything goes is a song recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line .
 erase me is a song by american rapper kid cudi from his debut ep man on the moon ii : `` jump in the line '' .
a sorta fairytale is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
it ai n't my fault is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo brothers osborne .
ing down is a song by australian singer-songwriter jon stevens from his debut album , are u satisfied ( 1993 ) .
it 's all rig is a r b song by the impressions on motown records ' tamla label .
 nostalgic is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her debut studio album , piece by piece ( 2015 ) .
the rip is a song by english singer-songwriter portishead from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
it easy is a song by the american rock band yes .
lover in a box is a song by english glam rock band sunnyboys featured on their 1984 album , get some fun .
på gatan där jag bor is a song written by orup and recorded by lena philipsson .
solace is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
push is a song by american rock band matchbox twenty , released in 1996 as the lead single from their sixth studio album yourself or someone like you .
i am again is a song written by shel silverstein and tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
take my breath away is a song by berlin that was first released on june 15 , 1986 .
power windows is a song by american country music artist billy falcon .
counting stars is a song by american singer-songwriter onerepublic .
fast girls is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , credited to johnson , and released as the b-side to her debut studio album dream street .
 mon amie la rose is a song written by cécile caulier and jacques lacome , and performed by american singer-songwriter françoise hardy .
stair is a 2000 song by american alternative rock band our lady peace .
do n't slow down is a song by american reggae recording artist ub40 .
cadillac , cadillac ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american rock band train .
loser is a song by american hip hop recording artist beck .
sheena is a punk rocker by american rock band the ramones and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1977 in music ) .
black treacle is a song by american rock band arctic monkeys featured on their debut album , suck it and see ( 2012 ) .
you walked in is a song recorded by american country music artist lonestar .
moonlight mile is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1971 album sticky fingers .
sway good drag is a song by american alternative rock band anberlin .
too much is a song by arnis mednis , and the main theme song of the eurovision song contest 2001 .
someone like me is a song by american electronic group atomic kitten , released as the second single from their second studio album , ladies night andgreatest hits ( 2004 ) .
 cheated on me is a song by english singer-songwriter gavin degraw from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
young love is a song by british singer-songwriter jedward from her debut studio album , young love ( 2012 ) .
96 quite bitter beings is a 1999 song by american hip hop band cky .
over overpowered is a song by american singer-songwriter róisín murphy from her second studio album , overpowered ( 2007 ) .
it does n't have to be is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band erasure .
somersault is a song by american recording artist zero 7 , featuring vocals from british singer sia .
fin b is a song by american singer-songwriter jonathan larson .
later on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band the swon brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut studio album ( 2013 ) .
i ) get los is a song by american singer eric clapton .
sway it out is a song by english rock group def leppard .
it 's friday is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody .
shorty is a song by american rock band the get up kids .
 dream of me is a song by english electronic group orchestral manoeuvres in the dark .
luckyland is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter måns zelmerlöw .
the gymnasium is a song by american singer-songwriter stephen cummings and is the lead track on his debut album , senso ( 1984 ) .
book of experience is the 14th studio album by irish rock band u2 .
turn around is a song by australian new age band enigma .
chocolate is a song by english alternative rock band snow patrol from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
wild wild son is a song by english drum and bass singer armin van buuren released on 12 october 2018 , as the third single from his third studio album , 12 septober 2018 ( 2018 ) .
dear boy is a song by paul and linda mccartney and is the lead track on their debut album ram .
sh snapshot is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .
always ascending is a song by american singer franz ferdinand from her debut studio album always ascending ( 2017 ) .
in the heat of the night is a song by the imagination recording artist imagination .
staying outside the fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
mômes de la cloche ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by vincent scotto and andré decaye and performed by édith piaf .
 seasons is a song recorded by jin akanishi and dominic pierson for her debut studio album , #justjin ( 2011 ) .
 pearl 's drea ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american dream pop band bat for lashes .
crunk muzik is a song by american rapper jim jones from his self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in hip hop ) .
stear is a song by american electronic group dj shadow , released as the lead single from their 1996 album , endtroducing .
salva mea ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american hip hop band faithless .
the lights is a song recorded by english singer britney spears , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , circus ( 2008 ) .
kite is a song by irish rock band u2 .
dance again is a dance-pop song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez , featuring rapper pitbull , from her debut studio album dance again ( 2012 ) .
keep the ball rollin ' is a hit song performed by r b group jay the techniques and written by denny randell and sandy linzer .
sun daze is a song recorded by american country music artist florida georgia line .
 australia is a song by australian drum and bass band gyroscope released on 14 june 2008 .
long time gone is a song written by darrell scott , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
sail away is a song by american glam rock band styx that was first released on september 1977 .
family tradition is a song by senses fail from their sixth studio album , life is not a waiting room .
do it like a dude is a song recorded by american singer jessie j .
 rebel king is a 1991 song by english singer-songwriter julian lennon .
happy , happy birthday baby is a song written by margo sylvia and gilbert lopez and performed by the tune weavers .
Everybody have a good time is a song by english glam rock band the darkness from their debut album , hot cakes ( 2012 ) .
marijuana is a song by american rapper kid cudi from his debut album man on the moon ii : the legend of mr. september 2010 .
you 'll never know is a world war i song written by mack gordon and composed by harry warren .
m mothra is a song by godflesh that was first released on september 1992 .
the veldt is a song by english electronic group deadmau5 , featuring british singer-songwriter chris james .
heart on fire is a song recorded by american singer ruslana for her seventh studio album , wild energy ( 2008 ) .
wake up everybody is a song by american singer r. kelly from her debut studio album the buffet ( 2015 ) .
no good in goodbye is a song by american alternative rock band the script .
the love go is a dance-pop song by american singer franz ferdinand from her third studio album always ascending ( 2018 ) .
lose yourself to dance is a song by american recording artist daft punk , featuring rapper pharrell williams , from his debut album random access memories ( 2013 ) .
 clowns is a song by american singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her debut studio album seventh tree ( 2008 ) .
sink up the sun is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , credited to crow , and released as the second single from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
 vienna is a song by ultravox that was first released on 9 january 1981 .
only the young is a song by the american rock band journey .
trouble is a song by australian singer-songwriter keith richards from her debut studio album , crosseyed heart ( 2015 ) .
 heaven nor he is a song by american rock band volbeat .
s sidewalks is a song by american singer the weeknd from her debut studio album , starboy ( 2015 ) .
 me to forge is a song recorded by american rapper kygo for his eighth studio album , kids in love ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from miguel .
my love is a song by paul mccartney and wings which was first released on 23 march 1973 .
fire is a song by lacuna coil that was first released on 15 june 2012 .
jesus walks is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his second studio album , the college dropout ( 2002 ) .
songs of experience is a song recorded by australian singer lykke li , released as the second single from her tenth studio album , wounded rhymes ( 2010 ) .
lose to win is a song by american singer fantasia from her debut studio album , side effects of you ( 2013 ) .
what the world needs now is love is a song by american singer and songwriter jackie deshannon .
dody wah diddy is a song and single written by willie dixon and ellas mcdaniel and performed by bo diddley .
rough boys is a song by english singer-songwriter pete townshend .
till i collapse is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem , featuring rapper nate dogg .
beatnik is a song by the buggles featured on their debut album adventures in modern recording ( 1982 ) .
enie meenie ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a dance-pop song by sean kingston and justin bieber from their debut studio album my world 2.0 .
i remember elvis presley is a song written by dick bakker and eddy ouwens dunhills , and recorded by american rock and roll artist eddy presley .
 miracle is a song by australian singer kt tunstall from her debut studio album , the winter 's tale ( 2014 ) .
what kind of fool do you think i a is a song written by al carmichael and gary griffin , and recorded by american country music artist lee roy parnell .
a million to one is a song written by phil medley and the revelletts and performed by american hip hop band jimmy charles and the joyletts .
prison is a 1988 song by american rock band dokken .
go out is a song by blur from their debut studio album , the magic whip ( 2015 ) .
heartbreak is a song by english freemasons featuring british singer-songwriter sophie ellis-bextor from her debut studio album shakedown 2 ( 2009 ) .
live my life is a song recorded by american hip hop recording artist far east movement , featuring british singer-songwriter justin bieber , from his debut studio album , dirty bass ( 2012 ) .
take a bow is a song recorded by american singer madonna .
i shall be free no. 10 is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
you & me is a song by disclosure from their debut studio album , settle ( 2013 ) .
do it again is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album , word of mouth ( 1984 ) .
kiss the stars is a song by english singer pixie lott from her debut studio album , young foolish happy ( 2012 ) .
i want is a song by american skate punk band the offspring , released on december 31 , 1996 as the second single from their sixth album ixnay on the hombre .
17 is a song by american singer-songwriter avril lavigne from her debut studio album ( 2013 ) .
boulevard of broken dreams is a world war i song written by harry warren and al dubin and performed by american teenage singer deane janis .
someone else calling you baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan for his tenth studio album doin 'my thing ( 2010 ) .
i 'm comin ' is a song by american hip hop recording artist ll cool j .
bounty is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dean brody .
wild honey pie is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
blue heartache is a song written by paul craft , and recorded by american bluegrass band osborne brothers .
 mulder and scully is a song by english singer-songwriter catatonia .
wild man is a song by australian singer kate bush from her debut studio album 50 words for snow ( 2011 ) .
she cranks my tractor is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dustin lynch .
hourglass is a song by disclosure from their debut album , caracal ( 2015 ) .
a woman like you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .
shout it out loud is a song by the american rock band kiss .
you can leave your hat on is a song written by randy newman and russ titelman 1 , and recorded by newman for his 1972 album , sail away .
fans is a song recorded by kings of leon and written by ethan johnsangelo petraglia and carson leon .
she 's my gir is a song written by alan gordongarry bonner and carson lee wissert , and recorded by american rock band the turtles .
always wanting you is a song written by merle haggard and the strangers .
the rea is a song by american alternative rock band alter bridge that was first released on 4 september 2005 .
electropop is a song by american electronic group jupiter rising from their third studio album , electropop ( 2007 ) .
that certain feeling is a world war i era march song composed by ira gershwin and performed by ricky nelson .
wake me up is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her debut studio album , mai no september ( 2014 ) .
on and on and on is a song recorded by abba for their 1980 album super trouper .
new sensation is a song recorded by american rock band inxs .
stitc is a song by american singer-songwriter javier colon .
 attitude is a song by american alternative rock band suede .
weapon of choice is a song by american funk recording artist fatboy slim , featuring rapper bootsy collins , from his second studio album , halfway between the gutter and the stars ( 2001 ) .
dear crown is a song by american rapper iggy azalea from her debut studio album reclassified ( 2014 ) .
my to love is a song by american singer-songwriter leighton meester , featuring rapper robin thicke , from meester 's debut studio album october 14 , 2009 .
years ago is a song written by don reid and kenley , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
breaking the habit is a song by american electronic group linkin park .
mama will bark is a song written by dick manning and dagmar and performed by american teenage singer frank sinatra and written by manning with mitch miller .
 am in love is a song by japanese alternative rock band faze .
sway on is a song by british recording artist nano .
the greatest discovery is a 1970 song by elton john , included in the album the greatest discovery .
entucky is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .
lover someone is a song by american singer jason mraz from his debut studio album , yes ! ( 2014 ) .
 cyanide is a song by american glam rock band metallica .
man , it 's so loud in here is a song by australian alternative rock band they might be giants .
do the panic is a song by japanese alternative rock band phantom planet , released as the third single from their seventh studio album , raise the dead ( 2008 ) .
party up is a song by american hip hop recording artist dmx .
virus is a song by australian singer-songwriter björk from her debut studio album , biophilia ( 2011 ) .
only you is a song written by kenny gambleleon huff , and recorded by american singer teddy pendergrass .
you 're not alone is a song by the enemy that was first released on 17 september 2007 .
song for ronnie james is a song by american singer-songwriter jorn .
pan american is a song written and recorded by hank williams .
she wants to dance with me is a 1988 song by american ricky astley .
nobody should have to love this way is a song written by tommy rocco , charlie black and rory bourke , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
lover is all we have lef is a song by irish rock band u2 .
 nej se det snöar ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a christmas song written by felix körling and recorded by swedish children .
free four is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd and is the lead track on the group 's 1972 album obscured by clouds .
 outlaw blues is a song by bob dylan and is the lead track on his 1965 album bringing it all back home .
wild in your smile is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dustin lynch .
off to the races is a song by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , born to die ( 2011 ) .
so excited is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , featuring rapper khia .
 hello and welcome is a song by british new wave and stadium band enigma .
drive is irresistible force is a song by english singer-songwriter bee gees from her 1996 album still waters .
higher ground is a song by stevie wonder from his debut album , innervisions ( 1973 ) .
right now is a song by japanese indie rock band asian kung-fu generation released on january 6 , 2016 .
sarah is a song by american rock band thin lizzy .
you 're my world is a song recorded by american singer emilia rydberg , released as the second single from her debut studio album my world ( 2009 ) .
head over fee is a song by american singer alanis morissette .
she 's just my style is a song written by al capps and thomas lesslie `` snuff '' garrett , and performed by american rock band gary lewis the playboys .
origin of love is a song composed by mika , nick littlemore and paul steel and performed by american singer mika .
 innocence is a song by english drum and bass band nero from their debut album welcome reality .
all the fun is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist paul overstreet .
lincoln county is a song by dave davies with the kinks .
money is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd that first appeared in 1973 on the dark side of the moon .
so sad is a song written by don everly 1 and `` lucille '' everly brothers and performed by american rock and roll band the everly Brothers .
do n't waste my time is a song written by karen fairchildkimberly and blake chancey , and recorded by american country music group little big town .
loverboy is a song written by paul dean and mike reno , and recorded by american singer loverboy .
maid of orleans is a song written by andy mccluskey , shipton-on-cherwell and oxfordshire and performed by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark .
lover song is a song by american glam rock band big bang .
i write sins not tragedies is a song by american alternative rock band panic !
new york minute is a song written by don henley , danny kortchmar and jai winding , and recorded by american singer-songwriter henley for his 1990 album the end of the innocence .
deutscher girls is a song by american rock band adam and the ants featured on their debut album jubileesoundtrack ( 1982 ) .
home again is a song by american singer michael kiwanuka from his debut studio album , home again ( 2011 ) .
live to rise is a song by american alternative rock band soundgarden from their debut album avengers ( 2012 ) .
i cry is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .
songs of experience is a song by the american soft rock band genesis , written by tony banks and collinsmike rutherford , and recorded by group genesis .
down under is a song written by colin hayron strykert and peter mcian , and recorded by american rock group men at work .
fly by ii is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band blue .
no way out is a song by american rock band bullet for my valentine from their debut album , venom ( 2015 ) .
dear diary is a song by the moody blues featured on their 1969 album on the threshold of a dream .
i die is a song by september , released as the third single from the band 's seventh studio album , sweden .
 good enough is a song by american gothic rock band evanescence .
crazy man , crazy man is a song written by bill haleymarshall lytle and his comets .
lk is a song by irish rock band u2 .
this ai n't ) no thinkin ' thing is a song written by tim nichols and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
gone is a song by american rapper kanye west from his second studio album , late registration ( 2005 ) .
goin ' down hi ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by john anderson , and recorded by american country music artist john andERSON .
lover after war is a song recorded by american singer robin thicke .
i stand alone is a song by american rock band godsmack .
starry eyed surprise is a song by american hip hop recording artist oakenfold from his second studio album , bunkka ( 2002 ) .
dream is a song by the lovin ' spoonful and is the lead track on their debut album , daydream ( 1966 ) .
 us and them is a song by australian classical music composer october 10 , 1995 .
 muévelo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer sofía reyes released on august 22 , 2014 , as the first single off her eighth studio album , tamla ( 2014 ) .
s si j' étais un charpentier ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by four tops and is the lead track on their 1968 album four tops .
you keep me hangin ' on is a hit song performed by the american r b band the supremes .
stand by is a song composed by radiosa romani and performed by american singer-songwriter san marino .
do n't say nothin ' bad is a song written by gerry goffin and carole king , and performed by american r b band the cookies .
 iron man is a 1970 song by the american rock band black sabbath .
 ether is a song by american hip hop recording artist nas .
wow is a song by american singer kylie minogue from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
too much passion is a song by the american rock band the smithereens featured on their 1991 album blow up .
dear dirtbag is a song by american power rock band wheatus .
 ne t ` enfuis pas ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer kate bush .
no money in this dea is a song written by george jones , and recorded by jones for his 1954 studio album , texas .
lucky in the world is a song by american rapper kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
my first kiss is a song by american recording artist 3oh ! from her debut studio album , streets of gold ( 2010 ) .
rum rumors is a dance-pop song by american singer lindsay lohan from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
songs by r b singer james brown is the lead single on his 1967 album i ca n't stand myself when you touch me .
baby , let 's lay down and dance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
i want you back is a 1988 song by australian dance-pop band bananarama .
flaming star is a 1961 song first recorded by elvis presley .
daddy 's hands is a song written and recorded by american country music artist holly dunn .
do n't get me started is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rhett akins .
happy trails is a song written by dale evans and roy rogers and recorded by evans .
when i 'm sleeping is a song by american indie rock band leonardo 's bride .
the book of love is a song written by warren davisgeorge malone and bluesdoo-woppop and performed by american rock and roll band the monotones .
better get a lawyer is a song by american rock band the cruel sea featured on their 1994 album three legged dog .
there ai n't no good chain gang is a song written by hal bynum and dave kirby , and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
break at tiffany 's is a song by american rock band deep blue something .
lover shine a lig is a song by american europop band katrina and the waves .
do your thing is a song by american r b singer charles wright and written by wright with fred smith .
l 's go higher is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist johnny reid .
dance with a broken hear is a song by american synthpop artist delta goodrem from her debut studio album , child of the universe ( 2012 ) .
a day in the life of a tree is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1971 album surf 's up .
last goodbye is a song by american singer-songwriter jeff buckley .
new moon rising is a song by american glam rock band wolfmother , released as the third single from the band 's seventh studio album , cosmic egg ( 2009 ) .
it on your hear is a song written by harlan howard kostas , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .
i do n't know where to star is a song written by thom schuyler , and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
kids with guns is a song by english hip hop band gorillaz released on 10 april 2006 , as the second single from their sixth studio album demon days .
timebomb is a dance-pop song by american singer kylie minogue from her debut studio album , k25 time capsule ( 2012 ) .
if it 's love is a song recorded by british singer-songwriter daniel schuhmacher .
do n't got ta work it ou is a song by american hip hop band fitz and the tantrums .
 eighteen wheels and a dozen roses is a song written by gene nelson and paul nelson , and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .
s superstar is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , mdna ( 2011 ) .
 angie is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1973 album goats head soup .
pretty wings is a song by american r bneo soul singer maxwell from her debut studio album , blacksummers ` night ( 2009 ) .
back home is a song by american country music artist graham nash .
big boy is a hit song performed by the american r b band the jackson 5 , credited to ed silvers , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` you 've changed '' single on january 31 , 1968 .
my galileo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by aleksandra kirsanova and konstantin drapezo .
 whisper is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lacy jalton .
mary had a little boy is a 1990 song recorded by the american eurodance band snap !
go big or go home is a song recorded by american country music rock band american authors american Authors and is the lead track on their debut studio album what we live for ( 2015 ) .
new york raining is a song by american rapper charles hamilton from his debut studio album , empire ( 2015 ) .
songs is a song recorded by american singer hayley kiyoko for her third studio album , expectations ( 2017 ) .
everything now is a song by american disco-pop band arcade fire from their third studio album , everything now ( 2017 ) .
believe is a song written and performed by american singer shawn mendes .
soul meets body is a song by american indie rock band death cab for cutie .
here without you is a song by english alternative rock band 3 doors down .
stair is a song by english singer-songwriter zibbz from her third studio album , switzerland ( 2018 ) .
 whipping post is a song by the allman brothers band and is the lead track on their 1971 album , east ( live ) .
paper roses is a song written by fred spielman and janice torre , and recorded by american singer and songwriter anita bryant .
mission statement is a song by american alternative rock band stone sour from their debut album , audio secrecy ( 2010 ) .
 muhammad ali ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop band faithless .
i have it like tha is a song by american rapper pharrell williams from his second studio album in my mind ( 2005 ) .
sleep alone is a song by two door cinema club from their debut studio album beacon ( 2011 ) .
it go is a song by american jazz singer-songwriter jacky cheung from her debut album , private corner ( 2010 ) .
dear mama is a song by american hip hop artist 2pac from his debut album me against the world ( 1995 ) .
do n't stop the music is a song recorded by american singer lionel richie .
freedom ( wham ! ) is a song by wham and is the lead track on their debut album , make it big ( 1984 ) .
sink is a song by american rock band fishbone .
fallin ' out of love is a song written by jon ims , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
 stranger in this world is a song by american singer stefanie heinzmann from her debut studio album chance of rain ( 2015 ) .
run2me is a song by american glam rock band the smashing pumpkins released on october 22 , 2015 , as the lead single from their eighth studio album , monuments to an elegy .
 gibraltar anthe is a song written by peter emberley , and recorded by english singer-songwriter peter abberley .
no resolution is a song by seether from their debut album , holding onto strings better left to fray ( 2011 ) .
ready to run is a song written by marcus hummon and martie seidel , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
over and over is a song over and over was a song by american rock group the dave clark five and featured on their 1965 album glad all over .
little bit of heaven is a song by american singer lisa stansfield .
 forever starts today is a song written by aleena gibson and malmberg hård af segerstadfredrik kempe , and recorded by british singer-songwriter linus svenning .
emotional gir is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
 roll with the wind is a song performed by english singer-songwriter alexander rybak .
do n't bring me down is a song recorded by american rock band the animals .
almost like praying is a latin pop song performed by american singer-songwriter lin-manuel miranda released on october 6 , 2017 , as the first single off her eighth studio album , puerto rico ( 2017 ) .
in my life is a song by american glam rock band divinyls featured on their debut album what a life !
dagenham dave is a song by english alternative rock singer morrissey .
barefootin ' is a song written by robert parker and wendell quezergue , and performed by parker .
 oye mi canto ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american recording artist n.o.
the devil beneath my fee is a song by american glam rock singer marilyn manson from her debut studio album the pale emperor ( 2015 ) .
 sanctuary is a song by english singer-songwriter gareth emery from his debut studio album , northern lights ( 2010 ) .
 albuquerque is a song by american rapper `` weird al '' yankovic .
stand up comedy is a song by irish rock band u2 from their second album no line on the horizon .
harping is a song by american new wave and synth-pop artist nik kershaw .
introdu me is a song written by jamie houston , and recorded by american singer nick jonas .
i am is a song by american rock band kid rock .
i ca n't forget about you is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys featured on their 1998 album hello nasty .
anchor is a song by english electronic group erasure .
some die young is a song recorded by laleh for her debut studio album sjung ( 2012 ) .
chocolate is a song by american rock band the 1975 .
azy-duz-it is a 1989 song by american rapper eazy-e .
 work to do is a song by the isley brothers and is the lead track on their debut album brother , brother and brother ( 1972 ) .
 paris ( `` andrew taggartkristoffer erikssonfredrik häggstamcharlee nyman '' ) is a song by american electronic group the chainsmokers from their third studio album , memories ( 2017 ) .
 ameno ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by the american new-age band era .
save me , san francisco ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group train .
it 's good news week is a song written by jonathan king and recorded by american rock band hedgehoppers anonymous .
any is a 1999 song by american singer roxette from her second studio album , have a nice day .
ca del mar ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by the german trance band energy 52 .
b bloed , zweet en tranen is a song by andré hazes from his second studio album strijdlustig ( 2002 ) .
staying on my own again is a song by american singer graham coxon from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
allt som jag ser ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song performed by barbados .
s skeletons is a song by american hip hop artist james arthur .
he 's unbelievable is a song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album , unbelievable ( 2003 ) .
black-eyed susan is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist prairie oyster .
strange clouds is a song by american hip hop recording artist b.o.b , released as the lead single from his debut ep strange clouds ( 2011 ) .
die in your arms is a song by american singer-songwriter justin bieber from his debut studio album , believe ( 2012 ) .
give u my hear is a song by american recording artist face , featuring guest vocals from american singer toni braxton .
dada es para siempre ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer luis fonsi .
lover song is a song written by lee greenwood , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
so help me gir is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist joe diffie .
the scientist is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , a rush of blood to the head .
whatever you want is a song by american glam rock band pink , released as the third single from her third studio album , beautiful trauma ( 2018 ) .
la la love song is a song recorded by japanese recording artist toshinobu kubota for her 1996 studio album la la la love thang , featuring guest vocals from naomi campbell .
yellow flicker bea is a song by american singer-songwriter lorde from her debut studio album , the hunger games mockingjay ( 2014 ) .
letter to elise is a song written by perry bamonteboris williamsimon and williamssimon galluprobert smithlol tolhurstporl thompson , and recorded by american glam rock band the cure .
 joan of arc is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , rebel heart ( 2015 ) .
breat is a song by american singer-songwriter midge ure .
ca n't buy me love is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
cold hearted is a 1989 dance-pop song by american singer paula abdul .
came here for love is a song by english duo sigala and ella eyre from their third studio album , brighter days ( 2017 ) .
big barn bed is a song by paul mccartney and wings .
you is a song by american rapper lloyd , featuring rapper lil wayne , from his second studio album , street love ( 2006 ) .
the reeling is a song by the american alternative rock band passion pit , released as the lead single from their sixth studio album , manners ( 2008 ) .
jai ho ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by australian singer a. rahman from her debut studio album , slumdog millionaire ( 2008 ) .
time to get alone is a song written by brian wilson and los angeles and performed by american baroque pop group the beach boys .
 detox is a song by millencolin from their sixth album , machine 15 ( 2008 ) .
the lovers is a 1988 song by american r b singer alexander o'neal .
lita is a song by american singer-songwriter leah labelle , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , funk ( 2013 ) .
turned away is a 1989 r b song by chuckii booker , included in the album chuckii .
songs of real love is a song by american singer lisa stansfield .
take me i 'm your disease is a song by american punk rock band angelica .
 ja a ty ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist majk spirit , featuring rapper celeste buckingham , from her debut studio album nový človek ( 2012 ) .
 good god is a song by american rock band korn .
revolution is a song by australian alternative rock band the veronicas featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
ride for me is a song by american recording artists a-trak and falcons released on february 7 , 2018 , as the third single from their eighth studio album , young thug and 24hrs .
 sunday morning is a song by no doubt and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1994 in music ) .
 french kissing is a song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album , green eyed soul ( 2001 ) .
do n't give candy to a stranger is a song written by larry boone , and recorded by boone for his 1988 studio album larry boomone .
i waited is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cummings .
big sky country is a song recorded by american country music artist chris whitley .
new flame is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album x ( 2014 ) .
i 'm not the only one is a song by american singer sam smith from her debut studio album in the lonely hour ( 2014 ) .
better not said is a song recorded by american singer havana brown , luciana caporaso and niclas kings and released as a single on 12 september 2014 .
the hero 's return is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd that was first released on 21 march 1983 .
my home 's in alabama is a song written by randy owen and teddy gentry , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
my name is anthony gonsalves is a song written by anand bakshi and amitabh bachchan and performed by group anthony .
songs of experience is a song written by janis oliver , and recorded by american country music group sweethearts of the rodeo .
never knew lonely is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit no .
halloween party songs is a song by american rock band september 10 , 2007 , included in the band 's seventh studio album , rounder ( 2007 ) .
it 's only us is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams .
the nights i ca n't remember is a song by english indie rock band hedley .
the breath you take is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait which hit no .
wrong number is a song by the cure that was first released on 17 november 1997 .
 girl ca n't help it is a song recorded by american adventure music band journey .
high maintenance is a song recorded by american singer miranda cosgrove , featuring rapper rivers cuomo , from her debut studio album , high maintenance ( 2010 ) .
long december is a song by american alternative rock band counting crows featured on their 1996 album recovering the satellites .
do n't you know is a 1970 song by butterscotch .
s follow me is a song by american rock band atomic kitten , released as the second single from their second studio album right now .
the carpenter is a song written by guy clark , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
 vivid is a 1999 song by electronic group electronic , released as the second single from their sixth studio album , twisted tenderness .
you remind me is a song by american singer mary j. blige .
staying in the right direction is a song by american singer renée geyer band .
the happiest girl in the whole u.s is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist donna fargo .
 idol is a song by american singer amanda ghost from her 2000 album ghost stories .
a foreign affair is a song by english electronic group client liaison , featuring guest liaison from their third studio album , diplomatic immunity ( 2017 ) .
 heartbeat is a song by english electronic group wire .
 february air is a song by lights from their sixth studio album lights the listening .
rest of me is a song by american singer-songwriter sheryl crow from her debut studio album , rest of me ( 2017 ) .
right type of mood is a song recorded by english eurodance artist herbie .
 cheer down is a 1989 song by english rock singer george harrison .
auf uns ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by andreas bourani from his debut studio album , hey ( 2014 ) .
sway on you is a song by american indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album ( 2016 ) .
lucky to see you is a song by the moody blues featured on their 1969 album on the threshold of a dream .
s sunday girl is a song by english electronic group erasure .
my name is mud is a song by american funk rock band primus .
no new friends is a song by american rapper dj khaled from his debut studio album , suffering from success ( 2013 ) .
good morning is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his third studio album , graduation ( 2007 ) .
i wan na rock is a song by american glam rock band twisted sister and is the lead track on their debut album , stay hungry ( 1984 ) .
we in da city is a song by american hip hop recording artist young dro from her debut studio album , da reality show ( 2015 ) .
what 's love is a song written by terry brittengraham lyle , and recorded by american singer tina turner .
you really know how to hurt a guy is a song written by jan berry , jill gibson and roger christian and performed by american duo jan and dean .
hey good lookin ' is a song written by hank williams , and recorded by american country music artist hank before he was born in 1951 .
after you 've gone is a world war i song written by turner layton and henry creamer .
 goodbye stranger is a song written and performed by ricky daviesroger hodgson .
we got the power is a song recorded by loreen for their debut studio album , heal ( 2013 ) .
i ran is a song by english new wavesynth-pop band a flock of seagulls and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1982 in music ) .
mary jane 's last dance is a song recorded by american rock group tom petty and the heartbreakers .
dear in life is a song by american singer eric clapton .
son of sam is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter elliott smith .
i saw it in the mirror is a song by abba that was first released on 1970 .
finders keepers is a song by american punk rock band you me at six .
at night i pray is a song by american soul gospel band wild orchid .
every time two fools collide is a song written by jan dyer and jeff tweel , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers dottie west .
duden is a song by american singer-songwriter natacha atlas from her debut studio album diaspora ( 1995 ) .
s failure is a song by american alternative rock band sevendust from their second album next .
 american dream is a song by american rapper mkto from his debut studio album , mkto ( 2014 ) .
hustler 's anthem ' 09 is a song by american rapper busta rhymes featuring rapper t-pain .
all summer long is a song by john cale , released as the second single from his debut ep , flying dutchman ( 2013 ) .
lady put the light out is a song by american singer frankie valli .
do n't touch me there is a song written by michael p. heeney , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .
 yo quiero bailar ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group sonia selena .
lover is is a 1989 song by australian singer alannah myles .
hush hush ; hush hus is a dance-pop song by american recording artist the pussycat dolls featured on their self-titled debut studio album ( 2009 ) .
beat dis is a song by american record producer bomb the bass .
save me is a song written by pete townshend and chris thomas .
fables of faubus is a song by american jazz artist charles mingus .
lucky day in he is a song by american alternative rock band eels featured on their 1996 album beautiful freak .
candy is a 1999 song by american singer mandy moore .
because of you is a song recorded by american singer gabrielle , credited to mcfarlane , and released as the lead single from her 1994 studio album , find your way .
your time has come is a song by american rock band audioslave .
say goodbye is a song by american r b singer chris brown from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
white is a song by japanese electronic group cnblue from their debut studio album , colors ( 2015 ) .
only with you is a song recorded by the american eurodance band captain hollywood project .
i 've got the music in me is a song written by bias boshell and gus dudgeon , and recorded by american rock band the kiki dee band .
the big l is a 1990 song by american glam rock band roxette .
dear after day is a song by english rock band badfinger featured on their 1972 album straight up .
ten little indians is a song written by harry nilsson and produced by ricky jarrard .
ready to go is a song by republica from their self-titled debut album ( 1996 ) .
i luh god is a song by american singer erica campbell from her debut studio album , help 2.0 ( 2015 ) .
in too deep is a song recorded by british singer tijana bogićević for her eighth studio album , entrycountryserbia ( 2018 ) .
dance with me is a dance-pop song by american singer debelah morgan .
unanswered stories is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .
fall down is a song recorded by american singer selena gomez the scene .
 wasted is a song by australian singer-songwriter peking duk released on 2 february 2018 .
i 'm a slave 4 u is a song recorded by britney spears .
baby , i 'm missing you is a song written by steve seskin and nancy montgomery , and recorded by american country music group highway 101 .
 ocean drive is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1996 in music ) .
i 'll never get over you is a song written by diane warren , and recorded by american singer exposé .
down on the stree is a song by american jazz-funk band shakatak .
tall cool one is a 1988 song by robert plant , included in the album now and zen .
phir bhi tumko chaahunga ( `` i will still love you '' ) is a song written by manoj muntashir , shashaa tirupati and shraddha and performed by mithoon .
pil pilgrims on the way is a song written by marcus hummon , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
hame on fire is a song recorded by american country music band rise against .
morning sun is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter robbie williams from her debut studio album , reality killed the video star ( 2010 ) .
stuck the show is a song by american record producer kygo from his debut studio album , cloud nine ( 2015 ) .
ten duel commandments is a song by american rapper lin-manuel miranda from her debut studio album hamilton ( 2015 ) .
dear for you is a song by american hip hop band the weeknd from their third studio album , starboy ( 2017 ) .
werewolves of london is a song written by leroy marinell , waddy wachtel and warren zevon , and recorded by american singer-songwriter warren for his 1978 album excitable boy .
hands all over is a song by american rock band maroon 5 , released as the lead single from their tenth studio album , hands all over .
lover vigilantes is a song by new order that was first released on 13 may 1985 .
snein ' is a song by english hip hop recording artist drake , featuring rapper 21 savage , from his debut album , october 29 , 2016 .
lover of make believe is a song by australian glam rock band the easybeats featured on their 1968 album vigil .
 martin scorsese is a song by american avant-garde film producer king missile .
night falls is a 1988 song by english singer-songwriter enya .
ug ugly is a song by english singer sugababes from her second studio album , taller in more ways ( 2005 ) .
stair baby is a song by the guess who that was first released on february 1974 .
our songs is a song recorded by japanese recording artist buono ! for her tenth studio album , our songs ( 2010 ) .
perfect strangers is a song by the american rock band deep purple , released in 1984 as the lead single from their debut album perfect strangers .
you 'll always be my baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer sara evans .
we were born for this is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin bieber , it was released as the lead single from his debut studio album , april 28 , 2014 .
in ' girls go by is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
pink lady is a song written by shunichi tokura and yū aku , and recorded by japanese recording artist pink lady .
troublein ' band is a 1970 song by american rock and roll band creedence clearwater revival .
lift me up is a song recorded by american rock band yes .
 synthicide is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band ssq .
burning love is a song written by dennis linde and hollywood , and recorded by elvis presley .
lusin ( my past ) is a song by garik papoyan and sona rubenyan and is the main theme song from the duo 's eighth studio album , moon ( 2017 ) .
old pine is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter ben howard from his debut studio album every kingdom ( 2011 ) .
reach out for the one who loves you is a song by american singer-songwriter mark holden .
pass you by is a song by american r b group boyz ii men .
s smile is a song by american r b singer justin bieber from his debut studio album , my world 2.0 ( 2010 ) .
sway lion is a song by american hip hop artist sage francis from his second studio album , a healthy distrust ( 2005 ) .
stuck on a feeling is a song by american singer-songwriter prince royce from his debut studio album , double vision ( 2014 ) .
no man 's land is a song by american singer beverley knight from her debut studio album , music city soul ( 2007 ) .
tess a perder ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer alejandro fernández released on april 16 , 2007 , as the first single off his eighth studio album viento a favor .
gold is a song by american fantasy rock band imagine dragons from their debut studio album , smoke + mirrors ( 2014 ) .
never say die is a song by english electronic group chvrches from their third studio album love is dead ( 2018 ) .
dear dignity is a song by english singer-songwriter bob dylan .
i 've got to use my imagination is a song by american glam rock band gladys knight the pips .
jethrey is a song for jeffrey , and the b-side to the group 's `` one for john gee '' single .
s oceans is a song by american rapper jay-z from his debut studio album , magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) .
solar system is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` honkin ' down the highway '' single on may 30 , 1977 .
hear of love is a song by wally wilson and kenny greenberg , and recorded by american singer amy grant and vince gill .
i 'll still ki is a song performed by american recording artist 50 cent , featuring rapper akon , from his debut studio album curtis ( 2007 ) .
s feels like i 'm in love is a song by american singer kelly marie .
not even gon na trip is a song recorded by american r b band honeyz .
young world is a song written by jerry fuller , and performed by american teenage singer ricky nelson .
s skyscraper is a song by american singer demi lovato from her debut studio album unbroken ( 2011 ) .
sway his ways is a 1989 song by robert palmer , included in the album heavy nova .
danger is a song recorded by american singer michael jackson , it was released as the lead single from his debut studio album , dangerous ( 1991 ) .
p photograph of mary is a song recorded by american r bdance-pop artist trey lorenz .
 animals is a song by the american progressive rock band muse .
little altar boy is a christmas song written by howlett peter smith and richard carpenter , and performed by american country music band carpenters .
the light is a song by american singer regina spektor from her debut studio album , september 30 , 2016 .
sway is a song by neil diamond that was first released on april 4 , 1966 .
even god ca n't change the pas is a song by american singer charlotte church from her second studio album , tissues and issues ( 2005 ) .
give it all is a song by american train and is the lead track on their debut album bulletproof picasso ( 2015 ) .
 sweet cherry wine is a 1969 song by tommy james and the shondells and is the lead track on their album cellophane symphony .
i get ideas is a tango song written by julio cesar sanders and composed by dorcas .
better now is a song by collective soul and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
william is a song by english indie rock band the others from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
jump in the fire is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .
he says the same things to me is a song written by gary geld and peter udell , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
 heaven is a song by american rapper jay-z from his debut studio album , magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) .
we are the ones is a song by american rapper willi.am , featuring rapper barack obama , from his debut album , february 29 , 2008 .
sumtime is a 1991 r b song by american hip hop artist dj jazzy jeff the fresh prince .
running with lions is a song recorded by american singer alice svensson , released as the third single from her eighth studio album , 25 february 2017 .
i do n't like you is a song recorded by american singer eva simons , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , 26 march 2012 .
the purple people eater is a song written by sheb wooley and performed by wooley .
i just wan na stop is a song by american singer gino vannelli and r b group brother to brother .
hokus pokus ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop band insane clown posse .
 ring of fire is a 1961 r b song first recorded by duane eddy .
do n't break my heart again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .
better class of losers is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist randy travis which hit no .
whatever you want is a song by american singer tina turner from her 1996 album , wildest dreams .
wedd bells is a song by jonas brothers and is the main theme song from their debut studio album , live .
the commotion is a song by english drum and bass band the wiseguys featured on their 1998 album the antidote .
vuélveme a querer ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer thalía .
horseshoes is a song written by ben dunkdavid c. martin , and recorded by american country music artist adam gregory .
speedin ' is a song by american rapper rick ross from his third studio album trilla ( 2007 ) .
back where i come fro is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mac mcanally which hit no .
come back and shake me is a 1969 song by american singer clodagh rodgers .
what am i doing here is a song recorded by american country music group blue rodeo .
thank my love is a song written by john lennon and yoko ono , and recorded by american singer john for his 1971 album imagine .
absolutely everybody is a 1999 song by american singer vanessa amorosi from her second studio album the power .
supercute is a song by american singer-songwriter prince .
gia ( my past ) is a song by australian singer-songwriter despina vandi .
every robots is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter damon albarn , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , everyday robots ( 2014 ) .
never too late is a song by american hip hop band three days grace .
abracadabra is a song by steve miller band .
joy is a song by english rock and roll singer-songwriter mick jagger from his 2001 album goddess in the doorway .
re renegades is a song by american alternative rock band x ambassadors from their debut album , vhs ( 2015 ) .
home again in my hear is a song written by josh leo and wendy waldman , and recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .
it be me is a 1990 song by the american rock band social distortion .
i 'm jealous is a song by american glam rock band divinyls featured on their 1994 album , underworld .
dear daddy is a song by american rapper maejor from her debut album , tell daddy ( 2014 ) .
the radio song is the sixth song of joe walsh 's debut solo album , got any gum ? .
as she 's walking away is a song recorded by american country music group zac brown band , featuring vocals from alan jackson , from their self-titled debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
crosstown traffic is a song by american singer-songwriter jimi hendrix experience .
you do n't have to be a baby to cry is a song written by bob merrill and terry shand and performed by american teenage singer the caravelles .
s sacré charlemagne is a song written by robert gall and ses petits amis and performed by american singer-songwriter france gall and written by gall with georges liferman .
 hunger is a song recorded by english singer molly pettersson hammar , released as a single on 13 february 2016 .
i 'm giving you to uncle sa is a world war i song in the style of a march .
songs is a song by american eurodance artist basshunter .
i do n't want nobody to give me nothing is a 1969 r b song by james brown on motown records ' tamla label .
trouble me , i know we can make i is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1976 album , love trilogy .
dinge von denen is a song by australian alternative rock band die ärzte .
 good directions is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .
me and my baby is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist paul overstreet .
the wolf is a song by english alternative rock band mumford sons from their debut album , wilder mind ( 2015 ) .
 gon na make you mine is a song by american singer-songwriter margaret urlich from her 1995 album the deepest blue .
no frauds is a song by american rapper nicki minaj , drake and lil wayne .
 speeding car is a song by australian alternative rock singer eskimo joe from her debut studio album , ghosts of the past ( 2011 ) .
wildest moments is a song recorded by american singer jessie ware for her debut studio album , devotion ( 2011 ) .
 ego is a song by american r b singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2008 ) .
 express yourself is a 1989 song by american singer madonna .
guilty all the same is a song by american hip hop band linkin park , featuring rapper rakim .
cool love is a song by american rock group pablo cruise , first released as a b-side to the group 's `` jenny '' single on 1981 .
kill the director is a song by english indie rock band the wombats from their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
dance your memory away is a song written by eddie burton and thomas grant , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .
 americanos ( americanos ) is a 1989 song recorded by american singer holly johnson .
 feral hearts is a song performed by estonian singer kerli .
 435 is a song by american rapper tyler , released as the lead single from his third studio album , columbia ( 2018 ) .
you 're in love is a song by american glam rock band ratt .
best of my love is a song by american discofunksoulr b group the emotions .
no exit is a 1999 song by american hip hop recording artist blondie .
something for the weekend is a song by the divine comedy that was first released on 17 june 1996 .
 selfish love is a song recorded by american singer jessie ware for her third studio album , glasshouse ( 2017 ) .
 cradle is a song by american rock band atomic kitten from their second studio album , greatest hits ( 2005 ) .
come and get these memories is a hit song performed by american r b band martha and the vandellas and written by holland with lamont dozier .
vice city is a song by american hip hop artist black hippy .
million reasons is a song by american singer and songwriter lady gaga from her debut studio album joanne ( 2016 ) .
always was is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist aaron tippin .
trouble is a song by english duo laidback luke and steve aoki , featuring rapper lil jon , from their debut album , new state ( 2011 ) .
i 'll be your mirror is a song by the velvet underground and nico .
 el scorcho ( `` you gave your love to me softly '' ) is a song by american rock band weezer from their 1996 album pinkerton .
torm is a song recorded by jüri pootsmann and released as the third single from her debut studio album jürismann 's eighth studio album ( 2015 ) .
dommage ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by french rapper bigflo oli .
never kissed anyone with blue eyes before you is a christmas song performed by english singer gwen stefani from her debut studio album october 6 , 2017 ( ) .
one more time is a song by american rock singer joe jackson .
raise up is a song by american rapper petey pablo .
next stage with you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist perfume for her seventh studio album , cosmic explorer ( 2015 ) .
 ribbon of darkness is a song by gordon lightfoot and is the lead track on his debut solo album , tom thumb ( 1965 ) .
dear jane is a song by american rock band the madden brothers and is the lead track on their debut studio album , greetings from california ( 2014 ) .
you 're my everything is a world war i song composed by mort dixon and joe young and performed by harry warren .
hélène is a 1989 song by roch voisine produced by georges mary and released as a b-side to the group 's `` ton blues '' single .
 roll me on the river is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
given to fly is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released as the lead single from the band 's seventh studio album , yield ( 1997 ) .
wreck and burn is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett .
lucky love is a song by australian hip hop band ace of base .
if you leave me tonight i 'll cry is a song written by harold mooney and gerald sanford , and recorded by american country music artist jerry wallace .
some weird sin is a song by australian glam rock band iggy pop .
d-d-don ' t stop the beat is a song by american rapper junior senior .
by the way is a song by the funk band red hot chili peppers from their second album by the way ( 2002 ) .
deardogs is a song by american glam rock band manic street preachers released on 19 march 2007 as the lead single from their sixth studio album , send away the tigers .
night light is a song recorded by american singer jessie ware for her debut studio album , devotion ( 2011 ) .
 som om himlen brann is a song written by jane larsson and leif larsson , and recorded by american singer lizette pålsson bizazz .
she 's out of her mind is a song by american punk band blink-182 from their third studio album , california ( 2015 ) .
s sit on my knee is a song by american rock band jimmy barnes and dallas crane .
sway is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1970 album sticky fingers .
i wish you could have turned my head is a song written by sonny throckmorton , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
kvin 's hear is a song by american rapper jermaine cole from his third studio album , kod ( 2018 ) .
monster is a song recorded by japanese recording artist arashi for her tenth studio album boku no miteiru fūkei ( 2010 ) .
t-shirt & panties is a song by american singer and songwriter adina howard .
push back is a song by ne-yo , bebe rexha and stefflon don and is the third song from their third studio album good man ( 2018 ) .
 wo n't be long is a song by japanese recording artist exile koda kumi from her second studio album , black cherry ( 2006 ) .
c crooked smile is a song by american rapper jermaine cole , featuring rapper tlc , from his debut studio album , born sinner ( 2013 ) .
i wan na hear it from your lips is a song by american singer eric carmen .
the weekend is a song by american singer michael gray , featuring rapper shèna , from her self-titled debut album ( 2004 ) .
southern cross is a song by american singer-songwriter stills nash .
lantic city is a song written and performed by american singer bruce springsteen .
 alone together is a song recorded by american rock band fall out boy , credited to pete wentzpatrick stumpjoe and california , and released as the lead single from the band 's debut studio album , save rock and roll ( 2013 ) .
i dreamed a drea is a song written by alain boublil and herbert kretzmer and performed by english singer-songwriter rose laurens .
 vocab is a song by american hip hop recording artist fugees 4 , released as the lead single from their debut album blunted on reality ( 1994 ) .
cele me home is a song by american musician kenny loggins .
 everchanging times is a song written by burt bacharachbill and carson foster , and recorded by american singer siedah garrett .
i will always love you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
anything but mine is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
i ca n't forget about you is a song by english singer madonna .
dear dru is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
i am the future is a song by american singer alice cooper from her debut studio album , zipper catches skin ( 1982 ) .
bloodstone is a song by australian singer-songwriter guy sebastian from his third studio album , conscious ( 2017 ) .
million eyes is a song by british singer-songwriter loïc nottet from her debut studio album selfocracy ( 2016 ) .
hey now is a song by mexican rock band tantric released on december 9 , 2003 , as the third single from their seventh studio album , after we go .
fish is a song co-written and recorded by craig campbell which hit no .
hame bein ' sober is a song by american hip hop artist chief keef from his debut studio album , finally rich ( 2012 ) .
goodnight kisses is a song by american singer charlie wilson from her debut studio album forever charlie ( 2014 ) .
on the wings of love is a song written by peter schless and jeffrey osborne , and recorded by american singer-songwriter jeffreys osborne .
sway me a story is a song written by terry gilkyson and frankie laine , and performed by american teenage singer jimmy boyd and written by greekian teenage duo frankie naine .
time passages is a song by english singer-songwriter al stewart and is the lead track on her debut album , time passages ( 1978 ) .
saturday night special is a song written by larry bastian and dewayne blackwell , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
single women is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
all i need is a song written by glen ballardclif magness and david pack , and recorded by american country music artist jack wagner .
 ( old dogs , children and ) watermelon wine is a song written by tom t. hall , and recorded by american country music artist tom tennessee .
the heart is a lonely hunter is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .
i got loaded is a world war i song written by peppermint harris and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter peppermint .
breat life into me is a 1988 r b song by american singer mica paris .
los maté ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american recording artist tego calderón from his second studio album , the underdog ( 2006 ) .
 paris ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by american singer sabrina carpenter for her eighth studio album , singular act i ( 2018 ) .
sweet sweet poison is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
half the man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clint black .
time to make you mine is a song by american singer lisa stansfield .
go gentle is a song recorded by american singer robbie williams , featuring rapper guy chambers , from her debut studio album swings both ways ( 2013 ) .
dímelo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a latinpop song written and performed by american singer marc anthony .
success is a song written by johnny mullins and tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
what 's your name is a song by american glam rock band andrea true connection , first released as a b-side on 7 september 1977 .
in terms of love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shedaisy .
blk & blu is a song released by english uk garage rock band chase status , featuring british singer-songwriter ed thomas , from their debut album brand new machine ( 2014 ) .
it ai n't over 'til it 's over is a song by american rapper lenny kravitz .
aisumasen is a song written and performed by john lennon .
walls is a song by the american rock band yes .
holiday in cambodia is a song by the american hard rock band dead kennedys .
london is a song by westlife from their second studio album unbreakable ( 2002 ) .
i do n't mind the thorns is a song written by jan buckinghamlinda young , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
do n't you is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band simple minds that first appeared in 1984 on the soundtrack to the brandon lee movie the breakfast club .
 wonderwall is a song by english rock band oasis from their 1995 album ( what 's the story ) morning glory .
when the money 's gone is a dance-pop song by american singer bruce roberts .
there 's no love in tennessee is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
bent is a song by american rock band matchbox twenty , released as the lead single from their second album , mad season 2000 .
something from nothing is a song by american rock band foo fighters from their debut album , sonic highways ( 2014 ) .
handy man is a song written by jimmy jones and otis blackwell , and recorded by american country music artist jimmys jones .
when you dream is a song by american experimental rock band tom waits .
my 's doin ' me rig is a song written by j. fred knobloch , paul overstreet and dan tyler , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .
the power of positive drinkin ' is a song written by rick klang and don pfrimmer , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
you will have to pay is a song written by sarah jane cooperbonnie doddtex ritter and performed by american country music artist tex ritter .
save me is a song by the american alternative rock band embrace .
down on my luck is a song by english hip hop recording artist vic mensa .
do n't leave me this way is a song recorded by american singer tina turner .
 bless the beasts and children is a song written by barry de vorzon and perry botkin , and recorded by american rock band carpenters .
three words , two hearts and one nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark collie .
round about way is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
fully alive is a song by american alternative rock band flyleaf from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
the power is on is a song by american hip hop band the go ! from their debut album , thunder , lightning , strike ( 2011 ) .
the messenger is a song by american singer daniel lanois from his debut studio album for the beauty of wynona ( 1993 ) .
valerie is a song by steve winwood and will jennings that was first released on 4 september 1982 .
hafter all is a song by english electronic group daft punk .
so alive is a song by american rock singer ryan adams from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
all my friends say is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
Everybody hurts is a song by american rock group r.e.m .
lives in the balance is a song by american singer jackson browne .
the distance is a song written for the animated musical fantasy film hercules produced by walt disney .
i come is a song by american singer fergie from her debut studio album , the dutchess ( 2008 ) .
la corons ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by jean-pierre lang and performed by estonian singer pierre bachelet .
close time is a song by american alternative rock band semisonic .
mohabbat zindagi hai ( my past ) is a song written by masroor anwar and noor jehan and performed by mehdi hassan .
learning how to love you is a song by george harrison and tom scott .
the miracle of love is a song by american rock band eurythmics featured on their 1986 album revenge .
s sympathy is a song written by ken hensley , and recorded by american singer uriah heep .
angel eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band love and theft .
my heart is fu is a song by english singer-songwriter morrissey .
holiday is a dance-pop song by american singer madonna .
pink and pain is a song by american new wave and rock band divinyls featured on their 1985 album what a life !
to be blue is a song written by mike reid , brent maher and mack david , and recorded by american country music group the judds .
holiday is a song written by barry gibb and robin gibb , and recorded by australian singer bee gees .
i feel so bad is a song by australian drum and bass band kungs featuring ephemerals from their sixth studio album , layers ( 2015 ) .
we lost the road is a song written by barry gibb and robin gibb , and recorded by english singer-songwriter bee gees .
st hasta la vista ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by ukraine .
kristina från vilhelmina is a song written by rune wallebom and far away '' ) and recorded by sven-ingvars .
songs is a song by american hip hop artist drake .
dixie dreaming is a song written by john gilbert and larry mcbride , and recorded by american country music artist atlanta .
roads to moscow is a song written by al stewart , and recorded by stewart for his 1974 album past , present and future .
angel cry is a song recorded by american singer mariah carey , featuring rapper ne-yo , from her debut studio album memoirs of an imperfect angel ( 2010 ) .
tell me is a song by american rapper bobby valentino from his second studio album , bobbyvalentino ( 2005 ) .
hard 2 face reality is a song by american rapper poo bear from her third studio album , poos bear ( 2018 ) .
danger is a song by american rock band the doobie brothers and is the lead track on their 1991 album brotherhood .
s sample in a jar is a song by american rock band phish .
resolution is a song by american singer nick lachey from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
angel is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gina jeffreys .
pizza is a song by english musician martin garrix from his debut album , 25 august 2017 .
 iron fist is a song by american speed metal band motörhead that was first released on 3 april 1982 .
thursday 's child is a 1999 r b song by american singer david bowie .
soy de san luis ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by santiago jiménez and jr. ortega and performed by texas tornados .
campione 2000 is a song performed by e-type and released as the second single from their second album euro iv ever .
this guitar is a song by english rock and roll artist george harrison written by harrison with māya love , and recorded by american rock group extra texture .
boogie down is a song by american singer eddie kendricks .
every 's crazy ` bout my baby is a song written by mike reid and carson worley , and recorded by american country music artist marie osmond .
lover is a 1981 song by plácido domingo and john denver , included in the album perhaps love .
lover love love is a song by japanese baroque pop group dreams come true .
satellite is a song by english singer-songwriter tasmin archer from her 1992 album great expectations .
come on is a song recorded by american singer christine anu and written by anu with david bridie .
every clap is a song written by maurice gibb and billy lawrie , and recorded by english teenage singer lulu .
beat of my hear is a song by american singer hilary duff from her second studio album , most wanted ( 2005 ) .
proof is a 1991 r b song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
sleep to drea is a song by american singer-songwriter fiona apple from her 1996 album , tidal .
count fair is a song and single written by brian wilsongary usher and ten little indians and performed by american rock band the beach boys .
lover you down is a song recorded by american r b group ready for the world .
debbie is a song by american glam rock band the b-52 's .
beer with jesus is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett .
superfly is a song by curtis mayfield from his debut album , superfly ( 1972 ) .
dear john letter is a song written by billy barton , fuzzy owen and lewis talley and recorded by american country music artists jean shepard and ferlin husky .
without you is a 1970 song by badfinger featured on their album no dice .
too many rappers is a song by american hip hop recording artist beastie boys from their third studio album , hot sauce committee part two ( 2009 ) .
lazy burn is a song written by charlie blacktommy rocco , and recorded by american country music artist t. g. sheppard .
i 'll see you later yankeeland is a song written by charles k. harris , and recorded by american singer-songwriter charles harris .
sink ship is a song by american rock band cake .
1000 × is a song by australian rapper jarryd james from his debut studio album , high ( 2016 ) .
this is war is a song by american alternative rock band thirty seconds to mars from their tenth studio album this is war ( 2010 ) .
cele is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brad paisley .
kill me is a song by the pretty reckless from their debut album , pretty reckless ( 2012 ) .
le chemin de papa ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1969 song composed by joe dassin and composed by dassin with jacques plait .
touch and go is a song by american new wave and roll band the cars featured on their 1980 album panorama .
you got me hummin ' is a hit song performed by american r b singer sam dave .
i n't thru is a song by american singer keyshia cole from her debut studio album , calling all hearts ( 2010 ) .
 heavyweight is a song by our lady peace from their debut album , curve ( 2011 ) .
 me is a song by american singer zoë badwi from her third studio album zoë ( 2008 ) .
cut the cord is a song by american hard rock band shinedown .
gim me all is a dance-pop song by american singer liza fox from her debut studio album , princess x ( 2013 ) .
bonkers is a song by american rapper dizzee rascal from her debut studio album , tongue n ' cheek ( 2009 ) .
quicksand is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band la roux .
last fair deal gone down is a song by robert johnson , first recorded as a b-side by johnson but better known in the a-side version by texas musician don law .
help yourself is a song written by carlo donida and jack fishman , and recorded by american singer tom jones .
colling is a song by english singer-songwriter howie day from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
all the love is a song by english rock band the outfield .
sunrise is a song by american rock group eric carmen .
goldmine is a song recorded by american singer kimbra for her debut studio album the golden echo ( 2015 ) .
sister awake is a song recorded by the tea party and released as the lead single from their 1996 album the edges of twilight .
 repetition is a 1989 song by the american information society .
 restless heart is a song by american singer-songwriter peter cetera .
 flexaa ( `` flexaa '' ) is a song by cheek from their debut album , august 2014 .
s understand is a song by american singer melanie c , released as the third single from her tenth studio album this time .
nothing is a song by american alternative rock band the script .
t tant que tu es là ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer tina arena for her third studio album quand tout recommence ( 2017 ) .
i 've been down that road before is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
black-eyed is a 2001 song by the american alternative rock band placebo .
nobody is nosetalgia is a song by american hip hop recording artist pusha t , featuring rapper kendrick lamar , from his debut studio album my name is my name ( 2014 ) .
 honky-tonk man is a song written and performed by johnny horton .
 ramones the same is a song by american punk rock band various artists released on july 2 , 2002 .
 cherry on top is a song by american pop group oh land .
it 's only life is a song by english indie rock band the shins from their debut album , port of morrow ( 2012 ) .
i 'm in love with my car is a song written by roger taylor and roy thomas baker , and performed by american rock band queen .
keep is a song by american hip hop band men of vizion .
manta ray is a song by american singer-songwriter anohni from her debut studio album , racing extinction ( 2015 ) .
all out of love is a song written by clive davis and graham russell , and recorded by american hard rock band air supply .
flying without wings is a song by english alternative rock band westlife , released as the third single from their tenth studio album , pokémon the movie 2000 .
on my own is a song by english punk rock band hedley .
tv dinners is a song by american rock group zz top .
music is power is a song by english singer-songwriter richard ashcroft from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
fall down is a song by american rapper william adamslukasz gottwaldbenjamin levinhenry walter .
working man is a song written by jim hurt and billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .
uno per tutte ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by italian singer-songwriter emilio pericoli .
shopping trolley is a song by british singer-songwriter beth orton .
big bad wolf is a song by the american rock band in this moment .
 charro ( you 're not from texas ) is a 1969 song first recorded by elvis presley .
stair of heaven is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sherrié austin .
ca and lime is a song by american hip hop recording artist shwayze .
 gypsy is a song by american singer-songwriter fleetwood mac .
ca n't it wait 'til morning is a song written by phil collins and hugh padgham .
if i were you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
i 'm waiting here is a song by american dream rock band david lynch and lykke li .
ghost of days gone by is a song by american hard rock band alter bridge .
way too far is a song by american rock band korn , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter flinch , from their debut studio album the path of totality ( 2011 ) .
london is a song by american singer john legend , featuring rapper ludacris , from his debut studio album , think like a man ( 2012 ) .
my sentimental friend is a 1969 song by english rock band herman 's hermits .
ca n't stop this thing we started is a song by american rock group bryan adams .
 hello , goodbye is a popular song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
grow old with me is a song by american singer-songwriter tom odell from his debut studio album , long way down ( 2013 ) .
my own worst enemy is a 1999 song by the american rock band lit .
weight of the world is a song by english singer-songwriter ringo starr .
i 'm waiting for the day is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
i can tell by the way you dance is a song written by sandy pinkard and rob strandlund , and recorded by american country music artist vern gosdin .
l liebesspieler is a song by the german rock band die toten hosen .
do n't mess with the radio is a song recorded by american recording artist nivea .
i 'm go go is a song by the american new wave band squeeze .
when you come back is a world war i song written by bennella harrison and olivette harrison .
maybe it 's time is a song by american singer-songwriter bradley cooper , released as the third single from his eighth studio album a star is born .
broken is a song by american indie rock band lovelytheband from their third studio album , finding it hard to smile ( 2017 ) .
do n't love nobody is a song recorded by american country music group the desert rose band .
if you 're not gone too long is a song written by wanda ballman , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
young man blues is a song by mose allison and is the lead track on her debut album back country suite ( 1957 ) .
break on through is a song by american psychedelic rock band the doors featured on their 1967 album the doors .
lover falls over me is a song recorded by american singer tamia .
u & me is a song recorded by american eurodance band cappella .
i n't she swee ( you 're not from texas ) is a world war i song in the style of a march .
 innocence is a song by american electronic group björk .
holy water is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , rebel heart ( 2015 ) .
everything i wan ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer milana vlaović .
 marching into the dark is a song by john legend from his eighth studio album , john legend ( english : `` the days of the rainbow '' ) .
i would like is a song recorded by american singer zara larsson from her debut studio album , so good ( 2016 ) .
maybe is a world war i song written by fred fisher , doris fisher and frank madden and performed by the ink spots .
the cowboy rides away is a song written by sonny throckmorton and casey kelly , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
with god on our side is a song written and performed by bob dylan .
 miracle of the momen is a song by steven curtis chapman and matt bronleewe .
you 've got a good love comin ' is a song written by van stephenson , jeff silbar and danny morrison , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
thank mother of mine is a 1961 r b song by the temptations on motown records ' tamla label .
too good to lose is a song by english singer-songwriter rebecca ferguson from her debut studio album heaven ( 2011 ) .
sumtime is a song by american r b singer selah sue from her debut studio album ( 2011 ) .
changing is a song by australian singer-songwriter conrad sewell from his third studio album , changing ( 2018 ) .
fire i ca n't put ou is a song written by darryl staedtler , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
my moment is a song recorded by american singer rebecca black , featuring rapper quinton tolbert , from her debut studio album ( 2011 ) .
 ever since you went away is a song recorded by american recording artist art n ' soul .
fat old sun is a 1970 song by the american glam rock band pink floyd .
ordinary people is a song by the box that was first released on 3 september 1987 .
 volví a nacer ( english : `` and i ca nacer '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine pop singer carlos vives released on september 24 , 2012 , as the first single off his eighth studio album corazón profundo .
 attica state is a song by john lennon and yoko ono and is the lead track on their debut album some time in new york city .
chain gang is a 1961 r b song by sam cooke , included in the album swing low .
 heaven 's on fire is a song by american glam rock band kiss .
shooter est plus fort que d'être aimé ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by daniel balavoine and andy scott .
it 's like that is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
i 've got to be somebody is a song written by joe south , and recorded by american country music artist billy joe royal .
 prophecy is a song by american singer-songwriter soulfly , featuring rapper david ellefson , from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
the lines you amend is a song by american alternative rock band sloan .
small bump is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her debut studio album , + ( 2012 ) .
take me away is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
your body is a weapon is a song by english indie rock band the wombats released on 2 october 2013 .
girlfriend is a song by american electronic group icona pop .
 woke up this morning is a song by american hip hop band alabama 3 .
drive-in is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson and mike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jumpin '' single on july 13 , 1964 .
i really did n't mean i is a song by r b singer luther vandross from his 1986 album give me the reason .
only one life is a song by american singer-songwriter michael feinstein .
 elvira is a song written by dallas frazier , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
two step is a song by american country music artist dave matthews band .
lover is a song by english electronic group hotel .
ready for love is a song by american eurodance band cascada .
maybe is a song by english singer-songwriter emma bunton from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2003 ) .
s captain jack is a song recorded by australian eurodance artist captain jack .
biću tu ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by gru .
 roll up is a song by emtee from her debut studio album avery ( 2015 ) .
this is england is a song by english new wave and punk rock band the clash .
nobody is for no one is a song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
 goosebumps is a song written by terry britten and british singer christie allen .
the thunder rolls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
break the line is a song by german rock band guano apes from their self-titled debut album ( 2004 ) .
 sweet home alabama is a song written by ed kinggary rossington and carson van zant , and recorded by american country music artist lynyrd skynyrd .
it 's my life is a song recorded by american singer amy diamond , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , swings and roundabouts ( 2009 ) .
my dreams a reality is a song by english glam rock band gq .
message in our music is a song by the american r b band the o'jays and is the lead track on their 1976 album message in the music .
the detectives is a song by elvis costello and columbia ( us ) .
sink inside this house is a song by american glam rock band the 13th floor elevators featured on their 1967 album easter everywhere .
elect storm is a song by irish rock band u2 .
old friends is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter simon garfunkel .
you do n't understand me is a song by american alternative rock band roxette from her self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
a mind of its own is a song by american singer victoria beckham from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
sink girl is a song by american singer glenn frey .
regulation is a song by american rapper warren g , featuring rapper nate dogg , from his 1994 album regulate .
my heart is broken is a song by american alternative rock band evanescence .
you better wai ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer steve perry .
boys & girls is a song by english singer-songwriter martin solveig from his debut studio album , c'est la vie ( 2009 ) .
it against me is a dance-pop song by britney spears from her debut studio album , femme fatale ( 2011 ) .
i 've got a winner in you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist don williams which hit no .
dancin ' is a 1999 r b song by american recording artist guy .
it starts and ends with you is a song by american alternative rock band suede .
hame is a song by english rock band three days grace from their debut studio album , human ( 2015 ) .
sbury hill is a song by english singer-songwriter peter gabriel .
lazy lullaby is a song by american indie rock band owl city .
political is a song by the spirit of the west that was first released on 4 september 1988 .
nothing to lose is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bret michaels which hit no .
pump it up is a song written and performed by elvis costello .
it go is a song by american rapper wiz khalifa from her debut studio album o.i.n't forget about you ( 2012 ) .
Tomorrow can wait is a song by american recording artist david guetta and chris willis vs. tocadisco .
the toronto song is a song by three dead trolls in a baggie .
colour is a song written by donovan leitch and geoff stephens , and recorded by american singer-songwriter donovan .
i 'll never be free is a song written by bennie benjamin and george weiss , and recorded by american country music artist kay starr and tennessee ernie ford .
believe is a song by japanese glam rock band kalafina from their debut album , far on the water ( 2014 ) .
 chains of love is a 1991 song by american singer terry ronald .
 surround me with love is a song written by wayland holyfield and norro wilson , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .
illegal alien is a song by the american rock band genesis .
dear parts is a song by english alternative rock band hole .
the bridge is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers featured on their 1992 album blood sugar sex magik .
my love for you is a song written and recorded by hank williams .
true is a song by spandau ballet that was first released on 11 april 1983 .
sway me baby is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers from their second album , stadium arcadium ( 2006 ) .
do n't change is a song written by inxs and produced by mark opitz .
s sit with the guru is a song by the american psychedelic rock band strawberry alarm clock featured on their 1968 album wake up .
the great rock 'n't roll swindle is a song by american punk rock band sex pistols and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1979 in music ) .
sway is a song by hilltop hoods from their sixth album , drinking from the sun ( 2015 ) .
 spectrum is a song by english baroque and the machine .
konichiwa bitches is a song by australian hip hop recording artist n .
black heart is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots that was first released on september 18 , 2013 .
 whiketywhack is a song recorded by american singer christine milton , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , friday ( 2003 ) .
man with the blues is a song written by willie nelson , and recorded by nelson for his 1959 studio album `` the storm '' .
about you now is a song by american recording artist sugababes from her third studio album , change ( 2007 ) .
alex chilton is a song by the american rock band the replacements featured on their 1987 album pleased to meet me .
you wo n't forget me is a song by british singer-songwriter la bouche .
lover me till the sun shines is a song written by dave davies , and recorded by american rock and roll band the kinks .
i wan na be loved is a song written by baker knight , and performed by american teenage singer ricky nelson .
gim me gim me good lovin ' is a 1969 song by the american rock band crazy elephant .
that 's for me is a world war i song composed by richard rodgers and performed by oscar hammerstein ii .
london is a song by american drum and bass band rd , featuring british singer-songwriter netsky .
do n't hurt yourself is a song recorded by american singer beyoncé , featuring rapper jack white , from her debut studio album , lemonade ( 2007 ) .
 pretending is a 1989 song by american singer eric clapton .
i ca n't hate you anymore is a song by american singer nick lachey .
too young is a song written by sidney lippmansylvia dee , and recorded by american teenage singer-songwriter donny osmond .
i do n't care anymore is a song by phil collins , included in the album hello , i must be going !
ska f.c is a song by american rock band the fall .
the more i drink is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton .
wood grain whee is a song by american hip hop recording artist slim thug .
release is a song by american recording artist timbaland , featuring rapper justin timberlake , from his debut studio album shock value ( 2008 ) .
keep reminder is a song by american singer the weeknd from her third studio album , starboy ( 2017 ) .
i am woman is a song by american r b singer jordin sparks .
it 's okay is a r bsoulpop song by american singer des ` ree .
sum girls is a 1999 song by american recording artist lfo .
i see is a song by american r b singer christopher williams .
run is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 2002 in music ) .
here 's to the heartache is a song by nothing more from their debut album nothing more .
you still in love with me is a song written by jack white , ken porter and mark spiro and recorded by american singer anne murray .
keep your hands off my baby is a song written by gerry goffin and carole king , and performed by american teenage singer little eva .
moving in stereo is a song by english new wave and cars band the cars featured on their debut album the cars in 1978 .
knight 's cross is a song by english glam rock band pet shop boys featured on their 1987 album actually .
songs of experience is a song by american rapper nelly from her debut studio album , m.o .
she 's all i go is a song written by gary u.s. bonds , jerry williams jr and recorded by american country music artist freddie north .
sway me like a heaven is a song by american gospel group manic street preachers released on 4 may 2018 , as the lead single from their eighth studio album , resistance is futile .
all wrong is a song by god lives underwater that was first released on 9 september 1995 .
live in a hiding place is a song by the american alternative rock band idlewild .
by your side is a song by english singer-songwriter jimmy somerville .
it 's a man 's man ands man ''s man is a song by r b singer james brown 1 , written by brown with ny ny and produced by jean newsome .
 dreams is a song by american dream rock band van halen .
respect stree is a song by xtc that was first released on march 1981 .
it 's on is a song by english indie rock band grandaddy , released on 4 september 2003 as the second single from grandaddy 's sixth studio album , sumday .
2 phones is a song by american rapper kevin gates from his debut album , islah ( 2015 ) .
calling you is a song by american alternative rock band blue october .
somed someday is a song recorded by american eurodance singer alcazar .
voodoo queen is a song by the german eurovision band systems in blue .
it up is a song by american alternative rock band razorlight , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
what if is a song by american singer ashley tisdale from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
take me in your arms and love me is a hit song performed by r b singer gladys knight the pips and written by barrett strong , cornelius grant and rodger penzabene .
jesus of suburbia is a song by american rock band green day .
loss on the river is a song written by hank williams and audrey willliams and recorded by american country music artists hank .
high cotton is a song written by scott andersroger murrah , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
i wan na hear it from you is a song written by nancy montgomery and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .
paper 'd up is a song by american recording artist snoop dogg from his third studio album , paid tha cost ( 2011 ) .
doubt is a song by english singer mary j. blige from her debut studio album , the london sessions ( 2015 ) .
 ocean front property is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait which hit no .
s saturno ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter pablo alborán released on 8 september 2017 , as the first single off his eighth studio album prometo .
santa looked a lot like daddy is a christmas song written by buck owens and don rich , and recorded by american country music artist Buck owens .
 girl happy is a song written and performed by elvis presley .
money wo n't change you is a song performed by r b singer james brown and written by brown with ny ny .
repeat after me is a song written by barry brown , and recorded by american country music artist family brown .
the '59 sound is a song by english glam rock band the gaslight anthem .
ruffneck is a song by american hip hop recording artist mc lyte .
why stop now is a song by american rapper busta rhymes featuring rapper chris brown .
point de suture is a song by mylène farmer , released as the third single from her tenth studio album , 25 august 2008 .
dear and meaningless is a song by rooster from their second studio album rooster ( 2005 ) .
 hello old friend is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eric clapton .
s sad song is a song by american new wave band the cars featured on their debut album move like this .
thank u is a song by american singer alanis morissette , released as the lead single from her debut eponymous debut studio album ( 1998 ) .
free range is a song by the american rock band the fall .
the age of not believing is a song written by robert and richard sherman and performed by american singer angela lansbury .
last time is a song by the american rock band fuel .
little bird is a song recorded by american singer annie lennox , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album diva ( 1993 ) .
pink haze is a 1967 song by the jimi hendrix experience , first released as a b-side to the group 's `` 51st anniversary '' single .
cancioncitas de amor ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group romeo santos .
 al 's place is a song by robert allen and mister sandman and performed by american jazz singer al hirt .
dance is a song by american glam rock band chic .
ska circus is a song by american rock band kiss .
freedom is a song by american singer-songwriter jimi hendrix from her 1971 album the cry of love .
what you know is a song by american recording artist t.i .
 chained to you is a song by american rock band savage garden from their second album , affirmation ( 2000 ) .
on fire is a song by american singer stefanie heinzmann from her debut studio album chance of rain ( 2015 ) .
no one hurts me more than me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cummings .
ticket to ride is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
sway up is a song by greece greekian singer freaky fortunefeat .
 sweet refrain is a song recorded by japanese recording artist perfume for her debut studio album , cosmic explorer ( 2013 ) .
so doggone lonesome is a song written and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
to my window is a song by american singer melissa etheridge from her debut studio album , yes i am ( 1993 ) .
firecracker is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh turner .
i ca n't love you enoug is a song written by max d. barnestroy seals and loretta lynn , and recorded by american country music duo conway twitty and tamla lynn .
the raven is a song by the alan parsons project that was first released on 2 july 1975 .
i 've been around enough to know is a song written by dickey lee and bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .
there she goes is a song by american recording artist face .
red wing is a world war i era march song composed by thurland chattaway and composed by kerry mills .
the hard way is a song by the kinks featured on their 1976 album schoolboys in disgrace .
 empty sky is a 1969 song by elton john , included in the album Empty sky .
l 's fall to pieces together is a song written by dickey lee , tommy rocco and johnny russell , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
the calling is a song by american rock group yes .
sowing the seeds of love is a 1989 song by the american glam rock band tears for fears .
you catch a falling star is a song written by bobby braddock , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
it 's a hard life is a song recorded by american singer queen , credited to her and released as the b-side to the group 's `` is this the world we created '' single on 16 july 1984 .
 ashes of eden is a song by american rapper breaking benjamin from his debut studio album , dark before dawn ( 2016 ) .
 ya hey is a song by the american indie rock band vampire weekend , released as the lead single from their debut album modern vampires of the city .
burn rubber on me is a song by the gap band that was first released on 4 september 1980 .
you is a song recorded by japanese recording artist misia for you .
songs of experience is a song recorded by american singer ciara .
 symptoms of true love is a 1988 song recorded by american singer tracie spencer .
all over you is a song by american jazz-funk band level 42 .
stoner is a song by american hip hop recording artist young thug .
this will be is a song by american singer natalie cole .
shake it ou is a song by english glam rock band florence and the machine .
you 're so fine is a song written by lance finney , willie schofield and bob west , and performed by the falcons .
i 'm so sorry is a song by american garage rock band imagine dragons from their debut album , smoke + mirrors ( 2015 ) .
we got something they don ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
 alone i break is a song by american rock band korn .
shivers is a song by the american rock band the boys next door .
playing god is a song by american alternative rock band paramore , released as the third single from their tenth studio album brand new eyes .
black blade is a song by blue öyster cult that was first released on june , 1980 .
do n't stand another chance is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson , credited to her father , and released as the b-side to her debut studio album dream street ( 1984 ) .
 pray for you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band the swon brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut studio album ( 2014 ) .
silver and gold is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
livingin ' my love is a song recorded by steve aoki for his debut studio album wonderland ( 2011 ) , featuring guest vocals from lmfao and nervo .
wake up call is a song by american rock band maroon 5 and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
stuttering is a song by american electronic group wild orchid that was first released on may 8 , 2001 .
right round is a song by american hip hop artist flo rida from her debut studio album , r b ( 2008 ) .
 galaxies is a song by american christian rock band owl city that was first released on april 19 , 2011 .
outside is a song by american alternative rock band staind .
wrong is a song by english singer everything but the girl from her 1996 album walking wounded .
you got me is a song recorded by american singer mýa for her eighth studio album tko ( the knock out ) , 2018 ) .
heart in a cage is a song by english garage rock band the strokes released on march 20 , 2006 , as the second single from their sixth studio album first impressions of earth .
i wan na ( `` i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american alternative rock band the all-american rejects .
sway you tight is a song recorded by american singer tara kemp .
a.d is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .
i love you is a song by american rock band badfinger .
l chat is a song composed by ahmed mouicipascal perizbertrand and pierrealain chennevière and performed by pow wow .
 confident is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her debut studio album confident ( 2015 ) .
a love story in the making is a song written by al anderson and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music artist linda davis .
d-o-g me ou is a song recorded by american r b group guy .
it rain is a song by english indie rock band east 17 , released on 4 september 1995 as the second single from their sixth studio album , steam .
wish you back is a song by american singer haim .
dance tonig is a song by singer-songwriter paul mccartney from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
here comes my baby is a song written and recorded by the american country music artist dottie west .
lettera a pinocchio ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1959 song composed by mario panzeri and performed by american teenage singer johnny dorelli .
wan na ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist kara for her seventh studio album , revolution ( 2009 ) .
pax deorum ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
brendan 's death song is a song by american alternative rock band red hot chili peppers that was first released on june 11 , 2012 .
what way is up ' is a song by stargard that was first released on 3 september 1977 .
lonesome tears in my eyes is a song written and performed by johnny burnette and the rock 'n roll trio .
my heart to yours is a song by american singer laura izibor from her debut studio album , let the truth be told ( 2008 ) .
dive is a 1999 song by steven curtis chapman , included in the album speechless .
cedars of lebanon is a song by irish rock band u2 .
 goodbye toulouse is a song by the stranglers featured on their debut album rattus norvegicus ( 1977 ) .
i think they like me is a song by american recording artist dem franchize boyz released on august 13 , 2005 , as the lead single from his second studio album , on top of our game ( 2005 ) .
i just wan na love u is a song by american hip hop recording artist jay-z .
 friends is a song by american recording artist scooter .
 nico and the niners is a song by american hip hop recording artist twenty one pilots .
gold age is a song by american indie rock band tv on the radio .
world we knew is a song written by carl sigman , bert kaempfert and herbert rehbein and performed by american singer frank sinatra .
breaking up is hard to do is a song performed by neil sedaka and howard greenfield .
 nessuno ( my past ) is a song written by antonietta de simone and edilio capotosti and performed by mina .
you ever seen the rain is a song written by john fogerty , and recorded by american country music artist creedence clearwater revival .
everyone 's in love with you is a song written by mike love , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
in a country churchyard is a song written by chris de burgh , and recorded by american country music artist chris d burgh .
turn the night up is a dance-pop song by american singer enrique iglesias from her debut studio album , sex and love ( 2013 ) .
dance adam 's song is a 2000 song by blink-182 from their second album , enema of the state .
darlin ' is a song performed by the american r b band the beach boys , credited to brian wilsonmike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` here today '' single on december 18 , 1967 .
you 've never seen is a song by british duo ec twins from their debut album , august 6 , 2012 .
dear petal pickin ' is a song and single written by keith mccormack , glynn thames and juanita jordan and performed by american rock band jimmy gilmer and the fireballs .
the truth is a song by american christian rock band relient k .
taste of india is a song by american rock band aerosmith that was first released on january 29 , 1998 .
wait on the world to change is a song by john mayer from his debut studio album , continuum ( 2006 ) .
 migrate is a song by american singer mariah carey from her debut studio album , e = mc ² ( 2007 ) .
 ( everybody 's waitin ' for ) the man is a christmas song written by irving taylor , dudley brooks and hal stanley and performed by ricky nelson .
rammstein is a song by american rock group rammstein , released as the lead single from their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
ghost is a song by japan and is the lead track on their debut album , tin drum ( 1982 ) .
this woman 's work is a 1989 song by australian singer kate bush .
sway away is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her second studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) .
i 'm alright is a song by american musician kenny loggins .
 into a fantasy is a song by american singer alexander rybak from his debut studio album how to train your dragon 2 soundtrack ( 2014 ) .
lateralus is a song by american progressive metal band tool .
one step up is a song by american singer bruce springsteen written by springsteen with chuck plotkin and produced by jon landau .
naughty naughty is a song written and performed by john parr .
songs by american hip hop recording artist t.i .
you 're the nearest thing to heaven is a song written by hoyt johnson , jim atkins and johnny cash and recorded by american country music artist johnnycash and the tennessee two .
angel is a song by american dance-pop band tina cousins and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1996 ) .
bless your heart is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist freddie hart which hit no .
louise is a song by american singer-songwriter jett rebel from her debut studio album venus mars ( 2013 ) .
stuck on your love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist duane steele .
buzz-buzz is a 1957 r b song by the hollywood flames on motown records ' tamla label .
 pretending is a 2001 song by ville valo , included in the album deep shadows and brilliant highlights .
every day of the week is a song recorded by american singer jade .
dorothy fields and jerome kern , and performed by american singer billie holiday .
girls of france is a world war i song in the style of a march .
stick icky is a song by american rapper pitbull from his sixth studio album , the boatlift ( 2007 ) .
safe is a song by english rock band westlife from their tenth studio album gravity ( 2010 ) .
 rock baby rock is a song by american funk band vst co .
come on rain is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve holy .
wall of glass is a song by american singer-songwriter liam gallagher from his third studio album , as you were ( 2017 ) .
cold shoulder is a song by american singer and songwriter adele from her debut studio album , 19 ( 2008 ) .
out of time is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots that was first released on may 19 , 2013 .
you 've got another thing comin ' is a song by american heavy metal band judas priest , released as the second single from their debut album , screaming for vengeance ( 1982 ) .
downtown is a song by english rapper macklemore ryan lewis from his debut studio album , this unruly mess ( 2015 ) .
 disco 's revenge is a song by english record producer gusto .
in my place is a song by english alternative rock band coldplay from their second album , a rush of blood to the head ( 2002 ) .
born to be with you is a song written by don robertson and performed by american country music group the chordettes .
something so right is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
the blue juniata is a world war i song composed by marion dix sullivan and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter .
just walkin ' in the rain is a song written by johnny bragg and robert riley and performed by the prisonaires .
mur to the mind is a song by australian singer tash sultana from her eighth studio album , flow state ( 2017 ) .
because they 're young is a song written by aaron schroeder , don costa and wally gold , and recorded by american country music artist duane eddy .
when you fall in love ) everything 's a waltz is a song written by ed bruce , patsy bruce and ron peterson , and recorded by bruce for his 1981 studio album one to one .
bet your heart on me is a song written by jim mcbride , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .
turn up the music is a song recorded by american singer chris brown , it was released as the third single from his debut studio album fortune ( 2012 ) .
action is a song and single written by tommy boyce and steve venet and performed by american rock and roll band freddy cannon .
i will whisper your name is a song written by randy vanwarmer , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .
road to nowhere is a song by american rock group ozzy osbourne .
diggin ' on you is a song by american recording artist tlc .
give it all you got is a song by american rapper ultra naté , featuring rapper chris willis , from his 2007 album grime , silk and thunder .
this is it is a song by american country music artist ryan adams .
gotham city is a song by american r b singer-songwriter r. kelly .
cielo e terra ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by italian singer-songwriter anita traversi .
violins and tambourines is a song by american rock band stereophonics featured on their debut album , graffiti on the train ( 2013 ) .
 animale ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american electronic group don diablo , featuring guest vocals from american singer-songwriter dragonette .
s feels like love is a dance-pop song by american singer and songwriter la toya jackson from her debut studio album , july 21 , 2014 ( ) .
i wo n't cry is a song written by lasse anderson , and recorded by american singer elin lanto .
london calling is a song by english glam rock band the clash .
sissy 's song is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .
road trippin ' is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers from their second album , californication ( 2000 ) .
beaut every time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .
it on me is a song by american singer chrisette michele from her debut epiphany album ( 2009 ) .
do n't care is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .
what makes a man is a song by english rock band westlife .
do you think about me is a song by american singer-songwriter benjamin ingrosso from his debut studio album , 5 may 2017 .
staying is a song by barry manilow , first released as a b-side on 11 , 12 january 1982 .
to the world is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west and r b group ricky nelson .
in god 's country is a song by irish rock band u2 .
truckin ' is a 1970 song by the american rock band grateful dead featured on their debut album american beauty .
lucky strike is a song by american funk band maroon 5 .
sway me tight is a song by american hard rock band cold chisel .
 thunderbird is a song by american rock band call me no one .
i 'm happy just to dance with you is a popular song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by george martin .
massachusetts is a song written by barry gibbrobin gibbmaurice and bee gees 2 , and recorded by british singer-songwriterbee gees .
i 'll get over you is a song written by richard leigh , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
big love is a song by american soft rock band fleetwood mac .
the humpty dance is a 1989 song by the american hip hop band digital underground .
one love at a time is a song written by paul davis and paul overstreet , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .
written in the sand is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band old dominion .
i dream to sleep is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band h2o .
 wrist is a song by american rapper chris brown from his debut studio album , royalty ( 2015 ) .
 fearless love is a song by american singer-songwriter melissa etheridge from her debut studio album , fearless love ( 2010 ) .
roll over is a song by english glam rock band thompson twins and is the lead track on their debut album here 's to future days .
she 's every woman is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
ella se hizo deseo ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a 1990 song written by gustavo marquez and antonio moreno , and performed by tito rojas .
dear world is a song by american singer sheryl crow from her debut studio album , disappearing world ( 2017 ) .
cold is a song by english rapper stormzy from her third studio album , gang signs prayer ( 2017 ) .
 creepin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
strawberry letter 23 is a song written and performed by shuggie otis .
this could be heaven is a song by american recording artist seal .
jone ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter mallu magalhães released on april 11 , 2008 , as the first single off her eighth studio album mallu neiro .
juste une p ` tite chanson ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song composed by claude m'baraligrégoire boissenot and performed by group les enfoirés .
shadow moses is a song by american metalcore band bring me the horizon .
i will wait is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish featured on their 1998 album musical chairs .
in ' in the dark is a song written by wendy waldman and jim photoglo , and recorded by american country music group the nitty gritty dirt band .
far far away is a song by english glam rock band slade .
l souvenir de ce jour ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by jenifer bartoli , and the main theme song from the greek film le passage .
 frozen is a song by american singer madonna from her second studio album ray of light ( 1998 ) .
pink relationship is a song by australian alternative rock band tammin from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 fools lullaby is a song written by dieter bohlen and recorded by american singer-songwriter bonnie tyler .
i hate this par is a song by american glam rock band the pussycat dolls featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2008 ) .
ca n't get any harder is a song by american rapper james brown .
cranes in the sky is a song recorded by american singer solange for her eighth studio album a seat at the table ( 2016 ) .
every time i look at you is a song by american hard rock band kiss .
ing on is a song by disclosure from their debut album caracal ( 2015 ) .
lover hurts is a song written by boudleaux bryant and warner bros and recorded by american country music group the everly brothers .
 christmas in the sun is a christmas time song performed by rolf harris and rick parfitt and written by ricky parfitthal shaperandy bown and produced by wolfgang birnbacher .
lover like winter is a song by american electronic group afi .
happy new year is a song by abba that was first released on 4 september 1980 .
madison blues is a song by elmore james and is the lead track on his 1959 album whose muddy shoes .
 enlightenment is a song by van morrison from his 1990 album enlightenment .
i 'm a man is a song by steve winwood and jimmy miller and performed by the spencer davis group .
old time 's sake is a song by american rapper eminem , featuring rapper dr. dre , from his debut album , relapse ( 2009 ) .
never gon na let you go is a song by american r bsoul singer faith evans .
 fools gold is a 1989 song by english rock band the stone roses .
only u is a song by american singer ashanti from her second studio album , concrete rose ( 2004 ) .
wrong is a song by american singer zayn , featuring rapper kehlani , from her debut studio album mind of mine ( 2016 ) .
all night is a song recorded by steve aoki and lauren jauregui and released as the third single from their third studio album , neon future iii ( 2017 ) .
i ca n't stand myself when you touch me is a 1967 r b song by james brown , first recorded as a b-side by r b singer-songwriter king .
i do n't care is a song by american singer elle varner from her debut studio album , perfectly imperfect ( 2012 ) .
i just want to love you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
 america 's song is a song by american rapper william adamsdavid foster , released as the third single from his tenth studio album , interscope ( 2009 ) .
i feel lucky is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
after midnight is a song by american alternative rock band blink-182 from their debut album , neighborhoods ( 2011 ) .
 israel 's son is a song by australian alternative rock band silverchair .
the lady takes the cowboy everytime is a song written by larry gatlin and carson denver .
i 'll be is a song by american musician edwin mccain .
goldfinger is a song by american rock band ash .
 girl on lsd is a song by american country music artist tom petty .
no place to hide is a song by american rock band korn .
one comin ' on is a song written by mike geiger , woody mullis and michael huffman , and recorded by american country music artist montgomery gentry .
tout le monde ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american rock band megadeth that was first released on february 1995 .
always is a song by american r b singer james ingram .
hame on old lonesome road is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
when aftermath is a song by the american new wave and synth-pop band muse .
the cowgirl and the dandy is a song written by bobby goldsboro , and recorded by american country music artist brenda lee .
hollies sing dylan is a 1969 song by english rock and roll band the hollies .
bounce is a song by english singer-songwriter calvin harris from his debut studio album 18 months ( 2011 ) .
chris benoit is a song by american hip hop band insane clown posse .
brit air is a song composed by lana del rey and produced by heath for her debut studio album paradiseandtropico ( 2012 ) .
sorry i 'm in love is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter emilia rydberg .
sado à beira do caminho ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1969 rge song written by roberto carlos and erasmo carlos .
 eighteen inches is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lauren alaina for her debut studio album , wildflower ( 2012 ) .
 further to fly is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .
what 's left of me is a song by american singer nick lachey from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
carolina in the pines is a song written and recorded by american country music artist michael murphey .
campaign is a song by american recording artist ty dolla sign from her debut studio album , campaign ( 2016 ) .
 faded love is a song written by bob wills and john wills , and recorded by american country music artist bob wills .
lucky women make good lovers is a song written by freddy weller and spooner oldham 1 , and recorded by american country music artist bob luman .
the girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist duane steele .
c'est la vie is a song recorded by ann-louise hanson and towa carson siw malmkvist , and released as a single on cd on 4 september 2004 .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill which hit no .
dear in is a song by american rapper lenny kravitz .
back on the chain gang is a song written by chrissie hynde and recorded by the pretenders which hit no .
t tar top is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .
do n't tell me no is a song recorded by american new wave and cars band the cars .
superwoman is a 1989 r b song by american singer karyn white .
shut up and kiss me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .
we 're going to be friends is a song by the white stripes featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2002 in music ) .
rain fall down is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
i.v is a song by japanic heavy metal band x japan .
i will come to you is a song written by barry mann , taylor hanson and cynthia weil , and recorded by american singer-songwriter hanson .
like a bulle is a song by american singer stefanie heinzmann from her debut studio album , masterplan ( 2008 ) .
 parachute woman is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1968 album beggars banquet .
wonding is a song by english garage rock band dirty pretty things from their second album , waterloo to anywhere .
hot fun in the summertime is a 1969 song by sly and the family stone on motown records ' tamla label .
sway me ` bout i is a song by american singer joss stone from her debut studio album , introducing jossstone ( 2007 ) .
do n't make me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton .
man on your mind is a song by american soft rock band little river band and is the lead track on their debut album , time exposure ( 1982 ) .
it should have been love by now is a song written by jan crutchfield and paul harrison , and recorded by american country music artists lee greenwood and barbara mandrell .
what goes on when the sun goes down is a song written by john schweers , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
just an old fashioned gir is a song written by marve fisher , and performed by american singer eartha kitt .
 american beauty american psycho is a song by american punk rock band fall out boy .
walking with a ghos is a song by english indie rock band tegan and sara .
sway is a song by american singer jojo from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
cry me ou is a song by american singer pixie lott from her debut studio album , turn it up ( 2009 ) .
dance a love song is a song by american singer jamie foxx from her second studio album , unpredictable ( 2006 ) .
 leather and lace is a song by english singer-songwriter stevie nicks and don henley .
this song is a song written by george harrison and tom scott .
brother is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , released on november 11 , 2003 as the third single from the band 's seventh studio album , lost dogs .
all gold everything is a song by american rapper trinidad james from her debut studio album do n't be s.a .
 poppin ' them thangs is a song performed by american recording artist g-unit .
you 're a woman is a song by american rock band bad boys blue .
cincinnati , ohio is a song written by bill anderson , and recorded by american country music artist connie smith .
we care a lot is a song by american funk band faith no more .
pressure is a song by english singer nadia ali , starkillers andalex kenji .
do n't blame your daughter is a song by the american indie rock band the cardigans released on 6 february 2006 .
 robot is a song recorded by japanese recording artist cn blue for her debut studio album what turns you on ? ( stylized as `` ring '' ) .
same old song and dance is a song by american rock band aerosmith featured on their 1974 album , get your wings .
i wonder where we 'd be tonig is a song written by vern gosdin and jim sales .
there 's ) no gettin ' over me is a song written by walt aldridge and tom brasfield , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .
t ta main ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by grégoire from her debut studio album toi + moi .
she 's gone , gone and gone is a song written by harlan howard and don law , and recorded by american country music artist lefty frizzell .
circle the drain is a song recorded by american singer katy perry , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , teenage dream ( 2010 ) .
the best side of life is a christmas song by american singer sarah connor from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
the dustpipe is a 1970 r b song by the american rock band status quo .
something really bad is a song by american rapper dizzee rascal from his debut studio album fifth studio album , fifth ( 2013 ) .
 panic is a song by american alternative rock band the smiths featured on their 1986 album world wo n't listen .
higher is a dance-pop song by american singer taio cruz from her debut studio album rokstarr ( 2010 ) .
burn slow is a song recorded by american singer jaira burns from her third studio album , burn slow ( 2017 ) .
only lonely is a song recorded by american singer tina arena , it was released as the third single from her debut studio album , reset ( 2013 ) .
animal instinct is a song by american alternative rock band the cranberries featured on their 1999 album bury the hatchet .
mission is a song by american rock band rush .
te exitaré ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer valerie morales from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2003 in music ) .
save you is a song by american punk rock band the pretenders and is the lead track on their 1980 album pretenders .
shortie like mine is a song by american hip hop recording artist bow wow from her second studio album , the price of fame ( 2006 ) .
not coming home is a song by american rock band maroon 5 , released as the lead single from their second studio album , 2002 ) .
the way i feel is a song by gordon lightfoot and is the lead track on his debut album april 1967 .
livingin ' on the edge is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith that first appeared in 1992 on their second album , get a grip .
fin is a song by american electronic group madeon .
teary eyed is a song by american singer missy elliott from her second studio album , the cookbook ( 2005 ) .
 imbranato ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine singer tiziano ferro .
max crazy is a song by english electronic group tiësto from their debut album , club life volume two miami ( 2011 ) .
duet is a song by english indie rock band everything everything from their debut album arc ( 2013 ) .
s scream is a song by american electronic group kelis from her debut studio album , flesh tone ( 2010 ) .
wonder christmastime is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney .
 dirrty is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her second studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) , featuring rapper redman .
he 's so shy is a song by american glam rock band the pointer sisters and is the lead track on their 1980 album special things .
i miss you already is a song written by faron young and marvin rainwater , and recorded by young with ricky nelson young .
space is a song by american singer prince , included in his 1994 album , come .
the rockafeller skank is a 1998 song by english recording artist fatboy slim .
baby come on is a song by american alternative rock band +44 .
aneurysm is a song by american hard rock band nirvana .
victims is a song written by roy hay , boy george and mikey craig , and recorded by culture club .
s smiley faces is a song by gnarls barkley from his sixth studio album , st.on lee ( 2006 ) .
v undead is a song by american hip hop band hollywood undead from their sixth studio album , swan songs ( 2008 ) .
 missionary man is a song by american r b group eurythmics featured on their 1986 album revenge .
one beat at a time is a song written by jamie o'harajames house and carson witter , and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
un-li is a song by american rapper nicki minaj from her third studio album , queen ( 2018 ) .
 andante , andante is a song written by benny anderssonbjörn ulvaeus , and recorded by abba .
time is a song by the american glam rock band pink floyd that was first released on 4 february 1974 .
bailando ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter enrique iglesias released on 3 february 2014 , as the first single off her eighth studio album , sex and love ( 2014 ) .
return the favor is a song recorded by american singer keri hilson , featuring rapper timbaland , from her debut studio album in a perfect world ( 2008 ) .
the army of two is a song by american rapper olly murs from his debut studio album right place right time ( 2013 ) .
s someone to love is a song by american singer sean maguire .
t 's gone is a song by american singer monica .
 pearl necklace is a song by american rock group zz top , released as the lead single from their 1981 album el loco .
big dumb town is a song by stan ridgway that was first released on january 20 , 1996 .
 astral weeks is a song by van morrison and is the lead track on his 1968 album astral Weeks .
dance like we 're making love is a song recorded by american singer ciara for her debut studio album , jackie ( 2015 ) .
vampires is a song by american rock band godsmack .
i 'm taking the whee is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shedaisy .
the fool on the hi is a song written by lennon and mccartney and performed by the beatles .
a guy like you is a song written for the 1996 animated musical fantasy film the hunchback of notre dame produced by walt disney .
above the rim is a song by american recording artist bell biv devoe .
 forever is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .
songs , sing , sing and sing is a world war i song by louis prima .
this could be us is a song by american hip hop artist rae sremmurd from her debut studio album , sremmlife ( 2015 ) .
return of the mack is a song by american singer-songwriter mark morrison .
lover it loose is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st .
true romance is a song by the american indie rock band motion city soundtrack .
tear in my hear is a song by english electronic group twenty one pilots that first appeared on april 6 , 2015 , as the lead single from their third studio album , blurryface ( 2015 ) .
sure gon na miss her is a song written by bobby russell and recorded by american rock band gary lewis the playboys .
wait for me is a song by american alternative rock band rise against from their debut album , endgame ( 2011 ) .
uncomfortable is a song by american rock band halestorm from their sixth studio album , vicious ( 2018 ) .
i wonder why is a song by sonic dream collective that was released on 3 september 1995 .
my shades is a song by american singer zara larsson from her debut studio album , introducing ( 2013 ) .
mickey 's monkey is a hit song performed by the miracles on july 26 , 1963 .
fall creek boys choir is a song by american rapper james blakebon iver from his debut ep , enough thunder ( 2011 ) .
i do n't wan na fig is a song recorded by american singer tina turner , credited to her father , and released as the b-side to her `` tina 's wish '' single on april 23 , 1993 .
natural high is a song by bloodstone that was first released on 4 september 1973 .
i guess i 'll have to cry , cry is a hit song performed by r b singer james brown and written by brown with r b group king6141 .
 attention is a song by american singer charlie puth from her debut studio album , voicenotes ( 2017 ) .
do it again is a song recorded by american singer pia mia , featuring rapper chris brown and tyga , from her debut studio album do it again ( 2015 ) .
 justified & ancien is a 1991 song by english record producer the klf .
white as snow is a song by irish rock band u2 .
been caught stealing is a 1989 song by american singer jane 's addiction .
 haunted is a song by american hip hop artist beyoncé from her debut studio album , jungle city studios ( 2013 ) .
face to face is a song by american nu metal band sevendust from their second album , seasons ( 2004 ) .
mother is a song by american singer axel hirsoux , released as the 14th single from her debut studio album , contest 2014 ) .
peter pan is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kelsea ballerini .
the story of a broken hear is a song written by tommy blake and sam phillips 2 3 , and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
 ko-ko joe is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jerry reed which hit no .
good-bye germany is a world war i song in the style of a march .
diamond carpet is a song by american singer namie amuro from her debut studio album , finally ( 2015 ) .
you 're in my heart is a song written by george jones , texas and january 19 , 1954 , and recorded by jones for his 1954 studio album `` no money in this deal '' .
a million ways is a song by ok go from their second studio album , oh no .
bed of rose 's is a 1970 song written by harold reid and carson statler brothers , and recorded by american country music group the statlers brothers .
you 'll be mine is a popular song written in 1953 by john lennon and composed by mccartney .
there you were is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john landry .
she 's about a mover is a song by american garage rock band sir douglas quintet .
two people is a song written by terry brittengraham lyle , and recorded by american singer tina turner .
trust in you is a song by american singer-songwriter lauren daigle from her debut studio album how can it be ( 2016 ) .
trouble these walls is a song by phil collins written by collins with hugh padgham and produced by old croft .
dis oui ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by philippe swan and mélanie cohl and performed by belgium .
break stuff is a song by american hip hop band limp bizkit .
 pretend we 're dead is a song by american hard rock band l7 .
british end is a song by english glam rock band roxy music which was first released on 27 -- 29 march 1972 .
down in new orleans is a song written for the princess and the frog produced by walt disney .
sway is a song by columbia pop group bic runga .
all at once is a song recorded by american singer whitney houston .
fuck apologies is a song recorded by american singer jojo for her debut studio album , mad love ( 2015 ) , featuring guest vocals from wiz khalifa .
lucky is a song by american country music artists jason mraz and colbie caillat .
 impossible is nothing is a song by the american hard rock band tonic breed that was released on june 22 , 2012 .
 american soul is the 14th studio album by irish rock band u2 .
gim me more is a 2007 song by britney spears from her debut studio album , blackout ( 2007 ) .
sorry is a song and single written by stevie wright and george young , and performed by the easybeats .
little thoughts tulips is a song by american indie rock band bloc party from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 asian paradise is a song by american singer sharon o'neill .
all this time is a song recorded by american singer michelle , it was released as the second single from her second studio album the meaning of love ( 2003 ) .
must be the feeling is a song by british new wave and synth-pop band nero .
bam bam is a 1999 song recorded by australian eurodance artist kim kay .
do we go from here is a song recorded by american singer deborah cox .
i fall all over again is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter dan hill , written by hill with doug james and released as a b-side single on 4 september 1991 .
giddyup go is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist red sovine and tommy hill .
firestorm is a song by british singer-songwriter conchita wurst from her debut studio album , con chita ( 2015 ) .
come on in is a song written by michael clark 2 and ron chancey , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
leaving home is a song by american alternative rock band jebediah .
come back is a song by the j. geils band that first appeared in 1980 on the soundtrack to the band 's debut album love stinks .
save you is a song by the jam , released as the b-side to the group 's `` town called malice '' single on 29 january 1982 .
sitting , waiting , wishing is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
 god with us is a song by american christian rock band mercyme .
dance in berlin is a song by australian singer berlin .
what would you say is a song by american singer-songwriter dave matthews band .
he 's my sunny boy is a song by r b singer diana ross the supremes and r b group love child .
lover on me is a hit song performed by r b singer bill withers and written by wither with bass singer-songwriter Sammy nelson .
tennessee homesick blues is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
all over again is a song written by johnny cash and care '' cash .
the world is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album 4 ( 2011 ) .
swaterloo sunse is a song written by ray davies and two sisters of the kinks and performed by american rock band the kink .
big gun is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc featured on their 1993 album last action hero .
i wan na get better is a song by american power rock band bleachers from their debut album strange desire ( 2014 ) .
wonder baby is a song written by don mclean and joel dunn , and recorded by american singer-songwriter mclean .
 alors on danse is a song by american hip hop recording artist stromae .
wrong side of memphis is a song written by gary harrison and matraca berg , and recorded by american country music artist trisha yearwood .
wild world is a 1970 song by english singer-songwriter cat stevens .
till you were gone is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mike reid .
unchained is a song by american rock group van halen featured on their 1981 album fair warning .
 lamborghini angels is a song by american hip hop recording artist lupe fiasco .
never say never is a song by american rock group romeo void , released in 1982 as the lead single from their debut album benefactor .
lettera ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written by angelo valsiglio and giovanni salvatori and performed by american singer laura pausini .
believe is a song by english alternative rock band mumford sons from their debut album , wilder mind ( 2015 ) .
lose yourself is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .
the torture never stops is a song by frank zappa and is the lead track on his 1976 album zoot allures .
three wooden crosses is a song by american country music artist randy travis .
breaking the law is a song by english rock and roll band judas priest , released as the british lead single from their 1980 album ,british steel .
your love 's on the line is a song written by earl thomas conley and randy scruggs , and recorded by american country music artist earl n't make it easy for me .
one more is a song by american singer elliphant from her debut studio album one more ( 2014 ) .
touch 'n you is a song by american rapper rick ross from his debut ep god forgives , i do n't .
the machine 's breaking down is a 1989 song by american recording artist tina arena .
l 's get it up is a song by american rock band ac/dc .
easy go is a song by grandtheft and delaney jane .
 friends will be friends is a song by american rock band queen .
i was country when country was n't coo is a song written by kye flemingdennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
perfect day elise is a song by american alternative rock singer pj harvey .
long haired lover is a song written by christopher kingsley and perry botkin jr , and recorded by english singer-songwriter little jimmy osmond .
say you love me is a song by english soft rock singer-songwriter fleetwood mac .
 gecko is a song by english singer-songwriter oliver heldens from his debut studio album future house ( 2013 ) .
one of my turns is a song by the american hard rock band pink floyd that was first released on 23 november 1979 .
here comes the rain again is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band eurythmics .
when the shit goes down is a song by american hip hop recording artist cypress hill .
you do n't know ) how glad i am is a song written by jimmy williams and larry harrison , and recorded by american singer nancy wilson .
 waking up in vegas is a song recorded by american singer katy perry .
the nightlife is a song recorded by american singer cyndi lauper , released as the third single from her tenth studio album , bring ya to the brink ( 2008 ) .
every time i get around you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist david lee murphy .
some noise is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys from their debut album , hot sauce committee part two ( 2011 ) .
 knives ou is a song by english rock band radiohead from their second studio album amnesiac .
 fade to grey is a song by american glam rock band jars of clay .
brother & sisters is a 1999 song by english alternative rock band coldplay .
 dreamlover is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
 up is a song by american singer olly murs from her debut studio album , never been better ( 2014 ) .
these wooden ideas is a 2000 song by idlewild from their second album , 100 broken windows .
welcome to my life is a song by the american rock band simple plan , released on september 14 , 2004 as the third single from their second studio album , still not getting any ... .
 casino boogie is a song by english rock and roll band the rolling stones featured on their 1972 album exile on main st. .
that 'll teach her is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cummings .
this is your land is a 1989 song by simple minds from their second album , street fighting years .
shake for the sheik is a song by american rock band the escape club featured on their 1988 album wild wild west .
save roo is a song by american r b singer john legend from his debut studio album once again ( 2006 ) .
lover power is a song by american singer-songwriter sexyfire from her debut studio album belgium ( 2007 ) .
i thought i lost you is a song written by miley cyrus and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american singer miley and written by cyrus with john travolta .
robocop is a song by american rapper kanye west from his third studio album 808s heartbreak ( 2008 ) .
coon is a song by british singer-songwriter björk from her second studio album vespertine ( 2002 ) .
you need a friend is a song by american rock band sunnyboys featured on their 1982 album individuals .
hard rain 's a-gonna fa ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by bob dylan and produced by john hammond .
 silent shout is a song by english record producer the knife from her debut studio album , silent shout ( 2006 ) .
keep your heart broken is a song by the rasmus from their second album hide from the sun ( 2005 ) .
sucky like heaven is a song by american singer reigan derry .
 glam is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her tenth studio album , bionic ( 2010 ) .
uncle pen is a song written by bill monroe , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
basketball jones is a song by american funk band cheech and chong .
bluebirds flying hig is a song by american singer-songwriter james fox with rapper cardiff city f.c .
t tru love is a song by american singer-songwriter faith evans from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2005 ) .
ing champagne is a song written by bill mack , and recorded by american country music artist cal smith .
ble together is a song by american rock band soundgarden .
trouble sleeping with a broken hear is a song by american singer alicia keys from her debut studio album , the element of freedom ( 2009 ) .
shockandawe is a song by american singer miguel .
 ophelia is a song by american singer-songwriter the lumineers from their debut studio album cleopatra ( 2015 ) .
crying shame is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson which hit no .
dance is a song by american glam rock band ratt .
sounds like summer is a song by american hip hop artist weezer from her third studio album , pacific daydream ( 2017 ) .
open sesame is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter leila k .
you 're nobody till somebody loves you is a world war i song written by russ morgan , larry stock and james cavanaugh and performed by russian morgan 's orchestra .
slow down is a song written by lacy j. dalton , billy sherrill and mark sherrill , and recorded and released as a b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on may 1 , 1982 .
take you down is a song by american singer chris brown from his debut studio album , exclusive ( 2008 ) .
mon cœur résiste encore ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by australian singer kate ryan from her second studio album different ( 2002 ) .
edge of heaven is a song by 2 unlimited and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1998 in music ) .
gent annie is a song and march song written by stephen foster and composed by foster with nelson foster .
it 's magic is a world war i song written by sammy cahn and doris day .
the power of one is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 2000 album pokémon the movie .
boy oh boy is a song written by glo macari and roger ferris , and recorded by american teenage singer racey .
youngstown is a song by american singer-songwriter bruce springsteen .
i 'll stay is a song recorded by american singer jessica mauboy .
two of us is a 1970 song written by lennon and mccartney , and recorded by the beatles .
the journey is a song by american rock group 911 .
this ai n't a love song is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
the hell song is the sixth song of the band 's debut album does this look infected ? .
power to all our friends is a song written by guy fletcher and doug flett , and recorded by english singer-songwriter cliff richard .
sink me a line when i 'm across the ocean is a world war i song written by irving crocker , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter ocean .
sugar box is a 1989 song by english glam rock band then jerico .
bitches n marijuana is a song by american hip hop recording artist chris brown and tyga , featuring rapper schoolboy q , from their debut album , tyga ( 2015 ) .
s settle down is a song by english indie rock band the 1975 .
go to war is a song by nothing more from their third studio album , the stories we tell ourselves .
ringway to seatac is a song by english indie rock band the wedding present from their second album , take fountain ( 2005 ) .
lover in a dangerous time is a song by american singer-songwriter bruce cockburn written by cockburn with jon goldsmithkerry crawford and produced by jon nelson .
s repercussions is a song by american singer lauryn hill from her debut album , neo soulr b ( 2010 ) .
bugatti ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist ace hood from his debut ep , trials tribulations ( 2013 ) .
 me is a 1970 r b song by aretha franklin from her album this girl 's in love with you .
 whip it is a song by american singer nicki minaj from her debut studio album , pink friday roman reloaded ( 2012 ) .
staying with me is a song written by mark debarge , el debarge and etterlene `` bunny '' and recorded by american country music artist debarge .
 americana is a song written by larry aldermanrichard fagan and patry ryan , and recorded by american country music artist moe bandy .
heart station is a song recorded by japanese recording artist hikaru utada for her eighth studio album , heart station ( 2008 ) .
s hit lerele ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song from mexican pop group beatríz luengo and featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter ivy queen .
swayin ' schoo is a song and single written by kal mann and bernie lowe dave appell 1 and performed by american teenage singer rydell .
arms is a song by american singer christina perri from her debut studio album lovestrong ( 2011 ) .
i wan na be a kennedy ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american recording artist u96 .
stuck up is a song and single written by dub dickerson and erma herrold and performed by american teenage singer ricky nelson .
the answer is a song by english recording artist joss stone from her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
e.berlin is a song by american alternative rock band r.e.m .
where love lives is a song recorded by american singer alison limerick , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album and still i rise .
 mild and hazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist hayden .
save me is a song by american recording artist skepta from her debut studio album doin ' it again ( 2010 ) .
in ' fine is a 1998 song by the british rock band unique .
next big thing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .
the boss is a song by american singer diana ross .
cao antes ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song performed by american rapper yandel from his eighth studio album , update ( 2017 ) .
can you feel the love tonig is a song written for the brandon john animated musical fantasy film the lion king produced by chris thomas .
the touch is a song by stan bush and is the lead track on his 1986 album the transformers the movie .
gam ray is a song by american surf rock band beck .
cool is a song by english singer gwen stefani from her second studio album , love ( 2005 ) .
everything is a song recorded by japanese recording artist arashi for her seventh studio album , boku no miteiru fūkei ( 2009 ) .
we rode in trucks is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
pretzel logic is a song by american blues rock band steely dan , released as the lead single from their 1974 album pretzel logic .
who says you ca n't go home is a song recorded by american rock band bon jovi .
pretender is a song by american singer madonna .
6 am is a song recorded by american rapper j balvin , featuring rapper farruko , from his debut studio album la familia ( 2013 ) .
i 'm gon na run to you is a christmasdance-pop song performed by american singer bridgit mendler .
diamond is a song by elton john and bernie taupin .
i do n't know is a song recorded by american recording artist honeyz .
all or nothing at a is a world war i era march song composed by jack lawrence and performed by american r b singer arthur altman .
lover lust is a song by american rock group pink floyd featured on their 1979 album the wall .
second , minute or hour is a song by english indie rock band jack peñate from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
no one in the world is a song by american singer anita baker , written by sharon and ken hirsch and performed by baker .
i like it like that is a song written by per gessle , christoffer lundquist and per sweden and recorded by american singer-songwriter son of a plumber .
always be yours is a song by american singer nathaniel willemse from his debut studio album yours ( 2015 ) .
sink of laura is a song by american singer christopher cross .
 dreams die hard is a song written by chick rains , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .
lover sneakin ' up on you is a song written by jimmy scott and tom snow , and recorded by american singer bonnie raitt .
old man is a song by neil young , included in the album harvest .
the night on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sam hunt which hit no .
do n't stop dancing is a song by the american rock band creed .
talk about you is a song recorded by american singer mika .
on the floor is a dance-pop song by american singer jennifer lopez from her debut studio album , love ? ( 2011 ) .
any is is a song by american singer-songwriter enya .
real love is a song by american singer sarah connor from her debut studio album real love ( 2010 ) .
best of strangers is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .
firework is a dance-pop song by american singer katy perry from her debut studio album teenage dream ( 2010 ) .
british glam rock band nirvana is the lead song on their 1991 album nevermind .
just ask me to is a song by american rapper tevin campbell .
dear badge is a 1969 song by english cream and is the lead track on their debut album goodbye .
same old lang syne is a song by american musician dan fogelberg .
solid wood is a song by american singer alison moyet from her debut studio album , singles ( 1995 ) .
fuck up some commas is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .
frail is a song by english electronic group crystal castles from their debut album , amnesty ( i ) .
last kiss is a 1961 r b song by wayne cochran and joe carpenter and written by mcglon with randall hoyal bobby .
not counting you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .
i 'll be there is a song recorded by american singer jess glynne , released as the third single from her third studio album always in between .
dream police is a song by american rock band cheap trick .
dang me is a song written and recorded by american country music artist roger miller .
sway is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kira isabella for her debut studio album , caffeine big dreams ( 2014 ) .
passo baby is a song by american rapper jay-z from his debut studio album , magna carta ( 2012 ) .
the change in me is a song by australian singer monique brumby from her debut studio album thylacine ( 1998 ) .
sittin ' sidewayz is a song by the peoples champ recording artist paul wall big pokey .
look back is a song by english electronic group tone damli , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , looking back ( 2011 ) .
sleeping with the light on is a song by american rock band busted .
long way home is a song by steven curtis chapman from his debut studio album re creation ( re creation ) .
lover is just a four-letter word is a song by american singer joan baez .
now and then is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michelle wright .
heart of gold is a song by english drum and bass band force styles .
shadow of the day is a song by australian alternative rock band linkin park from their sixth album minutes to midnight .
lucky then found is a song by american singer-songwriter leona lewis from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2009 ) .
lover on the line is a song by english hip hop recording artist blazin ' squad .
lucky hear is a 1969 song by american singer petula clark .
iño ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez .
 defender is a song by american singer gabriella cilmi from her debut studio album , ten ( 2010 ) .
 boom pow is a song recorded by american singer alexandra stan for her eighth studio album alesta ( 2016 ) .
 whip it is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band devo .
siffler sur la colline ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song composed by jean-michel rivat and frank thomas and performed by american singer joe dassin .
when you sleep is a song written by kevin shields and colm ó cíosóig , and recorded by american singer my bloody valentine .
lucky in the feeling is a song written by lewis anderson , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
high by the beac is a song by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , honeymoon ( 2015 ) .
heart is a dru is a song by the american new wave and psychedelia band beck .
 spaceman is a song by american hard rock band lon zoo that first appeared in 1995 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album the boy with the x-ray eyes .
 twilight zone is a song by 2 unlimited , released as the lead single from their 1992 album , get ready ! .
the spirit of radio is a song by american progressive rock band rush .
jamaica mistaica ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by peter mayer and roger guth , and recorded by american country music artist jimmy buffett .
lover go is a song by american hip hop recording artist deadmau5 from his debut studio album , / .
 me is a 1989 song by r b singer wilson phillips .
take me back to your house is a song by american record producer basement jaxx from his second studio album , crazy itch radio ( 2006 ) .
stuck in a box is a song by english ska punk band no doubt .
d powderworks is a song by the american rock band midnight oil featured on their debut album , midnight oil ( 1978 ) .
tessquila is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dan + shay .
not alike is a song recorded by american singer eminem , featuring rapper royce da 5 ' 9 '' .
 misery is a song recorded by english singer gwen stefani , released as the third single from her debut studio album this is what the truth feels like .
songs of experience is a song by american rapper ginuwine from her debut studio album , man 's thoughts ( 2010 ) .
when we reach that old port somewhere in france is a world war i era march song composed by albert selden and composed by sam h. stept .
 way of the world is a song recorded by american singer tina turner , credited to her father , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` jump in the line '' single on november 1991 .
little red corvette is a song by english singer-songwriter prince .
right by your side is a song by american singer-songwriter jimmy barnes .
sarah with love is a song by american singer sarah connor from her second studio album , green eyed soul ( 2001 ) .
dangled up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .
same old story is a song written by john legend , and recorded by american singer-songwriter john legend .
 historia de un amor ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from mexican pop group nektarios vinsalentti .
since you 're gone is a song written by ric ocasek , and recorded by english new wave and rock band the cars .
reason is a song by british singer selah sue from her debut studio album , reason ( 2015 ) .
this is what rock n ' roll looks like is a song by american recording artist porcelain black , featuring rapper lil wayne .
i 'm a long gone daddy is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
alles was war is a song by the german alternative rock band die toten hosen .
good to be me is a song by american rock band uncle kracker with kid rock singer-songwriter uncle krider .
like a boy is a song recorded by american singer ciara harris , featuring rapper candice nelson , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
londinium is a 1999 song by american alternative rock band catatonia .
rap hope loss is a song by american emo band dashboard confessional .
hazy , good lookin ' is a song written by hank williams and recorded by american country music artist hank .
over the mountain ; across the sea is a r b song written by rex garvin and doo wop singer johnnie joe .
red blooded woman is a song by american singer kylie minogue from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
radio free europe is a song by american rock group r.e.m .
quelque chose dans mon cœur ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by pierre grosz and georges lunghini , and performed by american singer elsa Lunghini .
two doors down is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
cadillac style is a song written by mark petersen , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
baby come home is a song by american glam rock band scissor sisters and is the lead track on their debut album , magic hour ( 2011 ) .
sharing the night together is a song written by ava aldridge and eddie struzick , and recorded by american country music artist dr. hook .
word is out is a song by australian singer kylie minogue .
walking away is a song by craig david from his 2000 album , born to do it .
still rea ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter george .
caught in the middle is a song recorded by american recording artist paramore for her third studio album , after laughter ( 2018 ) .
do n't pull your love is a hit song performed by american funk-in-wagnal band hamilton , joe frank and reynolds and written by dennis lambertbrian potter .
 frankie sinatra is a song by american hip hop band the avalanches featured on their debut album , wildflower ( 2016 ) .
public image is a song by the american rock band public image ltd .
 jugarem a estimar-nos ( english translation : `` andorra is a song '' ) is the 14th song of the eurovision song contest 2001 , performed in english by andorran singer marta roure .
electrik heat is a song by american hip hop recording artist k-os from her second studio album atlantis hymns for disco ( 2006 ) .
s sing one for the lord is a gospel song by george harrison and billy preston and is the lead track on their 1970 album encouraging words .
 neon blue is a song by american hip hop band steps .
come on in is a song written by rick giles and george green , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
s sing i is a dance-pop song by american singer rebecca black from her debut studio album , may 8 , 2012 .
tangerine is a song by american hard rock band feeder .
virtual insanity is a song by american jazzfunkjazz recording artist jamiroquai .
 1901 is a song by australian alternative rock band phoenix from their second studio album , wolfgang amadeus phoenix ( 2009 ) .
dinosaur laser fig is a song by american alternative rock band ninja sex party .
 blame game is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
diva is a song by american hip hop artist beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2008 ) .
touch me like tha is a song recorded by american recording artist dannii minogue , featuring rapper jason nevins , from her third studio album , club disco ( 2007 ) .
i 'm yours is a 1961 r b song first recorded by elvis presley .
keep me rockin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist patricia conroy .
s soweto blues is a song by miriam makeba , and the main theme song from her 1976 album welela .
stair is a song by american alternative rock band meat puppets and is the lead track on their debut album meat puppet ii .
crazy is a song by american recording artist lumidee , featuring rapper pitbull , from his second studio album , unexpected ( 2007 ) .
lucky is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family from their second studio album whatever gets you through the day .
it mine is a song by american singer-songwriter jason mraz from his debut studio album , we sing ( 2008 ) .
i 'm a ramblin ' man is a song written by ray pennington , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .
you save me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .
broken strings is a song by american singer-songwriter james morrison , featuring rapper nelly furtado , from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2008 ) .
when the lights go on again is a world war i song composed by eddie seiler , sol marcus and bennie benjamin and performed by vaughn monroe .
june afternoon is a song recorded by american glam rock band roxette , credited to per gessle , and released as the lead single from her 1996 album do n't bore us .
my turn is a song recorded by american singer martina bárta for her eighth studio album , eurovision ( 2018 ) .
all tied up is a song written by buddy killen and joe meador , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
 learn to let go is a song recorded by american singer kesha for her eighth studio album rainbow ( 2017 ) .
it 's all too muc ( over you ) is a popular song written in 1967 by george harrison and recorded by the beatles .
envie de vivre ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by belgium .
dear catatonia is a song by american alternative rock band cat atonia .
 varm korv boogie is a song written by owe thörnqvist and 20 februari 1959 .
price to play is a song by american alternative rock band staind .
come into my life is a song written by paul chitenpamela philips-oland , and recorded by american singer laura branigan joe esposito .
2 heads is a song by american singer coleman hell from her debut studio album , colemman hell ( ep ) summerland ( 2015 ) .
eye to eye is a song by the american rock band go west .
walking on broken glass is a song recorded by american singer annie lennox , it was released as the second single from her 1992 album diva .
not myself tonig ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her tenth studio album bionic ( 2010 ) .
if not for you is a 1970 song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bob dylan .
s.e.x is a song by american singer madonna from her debut studio album , madonna ( 2015 ) .
 as long as i live is a song written by roy acuff , and recorded by american country music artist george jones .
i 'm gon na sit right down and write is a world war i song written by joe young and composed by fats waller .
so wonderful is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ladies ' code .
 rock the party is a song by american hip hop recording artist five .
if u got i is a song by american singer chris malinchak .
the winner takes it a is a song written by benny andersson and björn ulvaeus , and recorded by australian singer abba .
big time sensuality is a song by english electronic group björk .
push that knot away is a song by australian indie rock band kt tunstall from her debut album , tiger suit ( 2010 ) .
she just started liking cheatin ' songs is a song written by kent robbins , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
lover is the groove is a song by english singer-songwriter betsy cook from her 1991 album the girl who ate herself .
high school confidential is a song written by carole pope and kevan staples , and recorded by american rock band rough trade .
danger bird is a song by neil young , included in the album zuma .
kvin carter is a song by english alternative rock band manic street preachers featured on their 1996 album everything must go .
city lights is a song written by bill anderson , and recorded by american country music artist ray price .
 rock 'n't roll train is a song by american hard rock band ac/dc .
holla at your boy is a song by american recording artist wizkid from his debut studio album , superstar ( 2010 ) .
st du ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist alligatoah .
 bang is a song recorded by american singer melanie fiona , featuring rapper rob fusari , from her debut studio album , the bridge ( 2008 ) .
i 've got friends is a song by english indie rock band manchester orchestra .
do n't let go is a song recorded by american r bpop band en vogue .
fat is a 1988 song by american rapper `` weird al '' yankovic .
2012 is a song by american recording artist jay sean , featuring rapper nicki minaj , from her debut studio album , hit the lights ( 2010 ) .
fake happy is a song by american new wave and ramen band paramore .
all over your face is a song written by norman ingram and butch ingram , and recorded by american singer ronnie dyson .
say it again is a song by american singer louise rose , anya lahiri and kalli clark-stemberg .
gillian mckeith is a song by american rapper brett domino .
apparently is a song by american rapper jermaine cole from his debut studio album , 2014 forest hills drive .
down by the river is a song by neil young and crazy horse .
i 'm your daddy is a song by american rock band weezer from their tenth studio album raditude ( 2010 ) .
i 've got a picture of us on my mind is a song written by bobby harden , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
the groove is a song by american alternative rock band muse .
the funeral is a song by english indie rock band band of horses from their sixth album , everything all the time .
do you think you 're foolin ' is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter donna summer .
doin ' just fine is a r bsoul song by american recording artist boyz ii men .
pretty boy swag is a song by american rapper soulja boy from her debut studio album , the deandre way ( 2010 ) .
some postman is a song by american punk rock band the presidents of the united states of america .
 ball and chain is a song by american singer-songwriter big mama thornton .
she could n't love me anymore is a song written by mike mcguire , billy henderson and billy maddox , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
time to get it together is a song by r b singer marvin gaye .
the song remains the same is a song written by jimmy page and robert plant , and recorded by english rock band led zeppelin .
happy pills is a song by american singer-songwriter norah jones from her debut studio album , little broken hearts ( 2012 ) .
big girls do n't cry is a song recorded by american singer fergie .
wild west show is a song written by big kennyjohn rich , and recorded by american country music artist big rich .
s feel like makin ' love is a hit song performed by american singer roberta flack .
lazy girl is a song by american rock band weezer from their debut album , everything will be alright in the end ( 2014 ) .
my funny friend and me is a song by sting and david hartley .
i n't worried about nothin ' is a song by american hip hop recording artist french montana .
 butterflies and hurricanes is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band muse .
free girl now is a 1999 song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .
tess dejo madrid ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer shakira from her second studio album , laundry service ( 2002 ) .
 ramblin ' on my mind is a song written by robert johnson , san antonio and texas and performed by johnson .
i will get on is a song by annie .
what ` cha gon na do is a 1999 song by eternal .
s študentská láska ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song written by pavol hammelkamil peteraj and by american singer and songwriter marika gombitová .
 blues before and after is a song by american rock band the smithereens featured on their 1990 album 11 .
mary jane is a song by american singer mary j. blige .
you lying blue eyes is a song written by ken mcduffie , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .
the dolphin 's cry is a 1999 song by the american rock band live .
face to the sky is a song by american rock singer john cale from his debut studio album , shifty adventures in nookie wood ( 2012 ) .
 expectation is a song by australian alternative rock band tame impala .
please stay is a song by american r b singer marvin gaye .
only teardrops is a song by american singer and songwriter emmelie de forest from her debut studio album , only teardops ( 2013 ) .
save by zero is a song by english new wave and dance-pop band the fixx featured on their debut album , reach the beach ( 1983 ) .
the wall is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
 whispering bells is a 1957 r b song by the del-vikings on motown records ' tamla label .
land of the living is a dance-pop song by american singer kristine w .
 acapella ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper karmin from her debut studio album , pulses ( 2013 ) .
wasted days and wasted nights is a song written by wayne duncan , freddy fender and huey meaux and recorded by american country music artist fredy fender .
 generations of love is a 1990 song by american singer jesus loves you , featuring rapper mc kinky 1 , from her second studio album , the martyr mantras 2 .
i 'll be there is a song written by rusty gabbardray price , and recorded by american country music artist ray price .
 symptom of the universe is a song by the american rock band black sabbath .
bad girl is a song by american singer-songwriter avril lavigne from her debut studio album ( 2013 ) .
goldeneye is a song by british singer-songwriter tina turner from her debut studio album , goldeneye ( 1995 ) .
all my life is a song by american rock band foo fighters from their second album , one by one ( 2002 ) .
planet he is a song by mexican symphonic metal band nightwish from their second album once .
real sugar is a song by australian glam rock band roxette .
broken is a song by elisa from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2003 ) .
 imitation of life is a song by english alternative rock band r.e.m .
i shot the dj is a song by american recording artist scooter .
just an illusion is a song by the american rock band imagination .
bitter salt is a song by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg from his debut studio album , bitter salt ( 2016 ) .
the lord knows i 'm drinking is a song written by bill anderson , and recorded by american country music artist cal smith .
 america the beautifu is a world war i era march song composed by katharine lee bates and samuel a. ward , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter `` pikes peak '' .
i know is a song written by jeff barry and ellie greenwich , and recorded by american teenage singer lesley gore .
save you is a song by american rock band red hot chili peppers from their second album , californication ( 2000 ) .
laying your love on me is a song by bwo from their sixth studio album , pandemonium ( 2008 ) .
the rhy is a song recorded by american teenage singer girl talk , credited to karen wright , and released as the b-side to the group 's debut album girl talk .
when love goes wrong is a song by earth and wind fire that was first released on 4 september 1997 .
bad liar is a song recorded by american singer selena gomez for her third studio album , bad liar ( 2017 ) .
sexx laws is a 1999 song by english singer-songwriter beck .
i wan na make you close your eyes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dierks bentley .
 sixteen is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist thomas rhett which hit no .
what have they done to my song ma is a 1970 song by english singer-songwriter melanie .
lucky i 'll be staying here with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bob dylan .
ghost town is a 1988 song by the american rock band cheap trick .
if i survive is a song by english electronic group hybrid , featuring british singer-songwriter julee cruise .
i 'm so crazy is a song by american electronic group par-t-one vs. inxs .
before i knew better is a song written by david leebryan simpson , and recorded by american country music artist brad martin .
si tú supieras ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine bolero singer alejandro fernández .
 restless and wild is a song by the american rock band accept .
baby love is a song recorded by r b group the supremes and released as the b-side to it on september 17 , 1964 .
thirteen is a song by american singer-songwriter big star and is the lead track on her 1972 album , # 1 record .
generation ex is a song by australian indie rock band kent .
lover for life is a song by english glam rock band iggy pop .
do n't let it die is a song written by hurricane smith and produced by smith 1 .
 silence is a song recorded by american recording artist marshmello , featuring rapper khalid , from his debut studio album august 11 , 2017 .
mmm mmm mmmm mmm is a song by american alternative rock band crash test dummies .
 eyes of the insane is a song by american thrash metal band slayer that was released on november 23 , 2006 .
girls girls is a song recorded by icona pop .
a stillness is a song by english indie rock band the naked and famous .
 dreaming of you is a song by english rock band the coral from their second album the coral ( 2002 ) .
ißt du wohin wir gehen is a song by american singer christina stürmer from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
 forty six & 2 is a song by american alternative rock band tool .
this night is a song by american r b singer billy joel .
pretty like drugs is a song by american singer queenadreena from her second studio album , drink me ( 2002 ) .
sway me why is a song and single written by titus turner and performed by american teenage singer , marie knight .
lover ai n't for keeping is a song written by pete townshend and glyn johns and recorded by the who as the opening track on their debut album , who 's next .
i'ai tout oublié ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by marc lavoine and cristina marocco and is the main theme song from their 2001 album .
flesh without blood is a song by american dance-pop artist grimes from her debut studio album art angels ( 2015 ) .
run up is a song by american recording artist major lazer from his third studio album , the weapon ( 2017 ) .
the man who put the germ in germany is a world war i song composed by nora bayes , sam downing and abe glatt and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter waterson .
i need a girl is a song recorded by japanese recording artist taeyang for her tenth studio album , solar ( 2010 ) , featuring guest vocals from british singer g-dragon .
mean old man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist james taylor .
i could never take the place of your man is a song written by prince and warner bros .
southern rains is a song written by roger murrah , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
around the world is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers from their 1999 album californication .
dance it out is a song by american singer-songwriter serj tankian from her debut studio album harakiri ( 2012 ) .
 gone is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , featuring rapper john shanks , from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
boxing is a song by american glam rock band ben folds five and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( see 1995 in music ) .
i n't never never is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
ca n't stand losing you is a song by sting and is the lead track on their debut album outlandos d'amour .
22 grand job is a song by american rock band the rakes featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2005 ) .
the first nig is a song by american recording artist monica .
lover walks in is a song by american singer van halen .
even in the shadows is a song by british singer-songwriter enya .
jacky is a song composed by jacques brel and gérard jouannest and performed by american chanson singer-songwriter jacque brel .
you should be dancing is a song by english singer bee gees from her 1976 album children of the world .
no secrets is a song by the angels featured on their 1980 album dark room .
i 'll never stop is a song by english hip hop band nsync .
pushin ' me away is a song by american hip hop band jonas brothers and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 2007 ) .
tess a esperar ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by argentine singer-songwriter juan magán belinda for her debut studio album tad ( 2012 ) .
back to life is a 1989 r b song by soul ii soul featuring caron wheeler .
party in my head is a dance-pop song by september from their debut album , love cpr ( 2011 ) .
what i a is a song by american singer-songwriter edie brickell new bohemians .
 golden boy is a song by nadav guedj from her debut studio album , nader ( 2015 ) .
never say never is a song by american rapper basement jaxx from his debut studio album , junto ( 2014 ) .
hang on to yourself is a song by english glam rock singer arnold corns which was first released on 7 may 1971 .
diamond lights , thick smoke is a song written by joe maphis , rose lee map his and max fidler and recorded by american country music artist joe rose leer maphis .
absolutely no is a song by american singer deborah cox .
it on me is a song by american recording artist timbaland released on july 23 , 2007 , as the lead single from his sixth studio album shock value ( 2007 ) .
a tree in the meadow is a world war i song written by billy reid and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter Billy nelson .
better than that is a song by english indie rock band miles kane .
higher ground is a song by american reggae recording artist ub40 from her 1993 album promises and lies .
i 'm the one is a song by american hip hop band static-x .
s desperately is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
sorrow is a song by the american rock band pink floyd that was first released on 7 september 1987 .
 blame canada is a 1999 song by american singer mary kay bergman .
i believe in miracles is a song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their 1968 album smiley smile .
gone is a song by american alternative rock band switchfoot from their second album the beautiful letdown .
it 's about time is a 1970 song by the american rock band the beach boys featured on their album sunflower .
 christmas card is a song by tom waits and is the lead track on his debut album , blue valentine ( 1978 ) .
adalida is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
bad girls club is a song by american singer jeanette from her second studio album , naked truth ( 2005 ) .
one summer nig is a r b song by the danleers and is a b-side to the group 's `` wheelin ' and a-dealin ' '' single on may 1958 .
lover me forever is a song written by beverly guthrie and gary lynes and performed by the four esquires .
the red telephone is a song by the american rock band love .
crazy times is a song by american rock band jars of clay .
stair of the moment is a 1989 r b song by american hip hop band after 7 .
swangin is a song by american rapper stalley , featuring rapper scarface , from his debut album , honest cowboy ( 2013 ) .
i want ou is a song by the american rock band helloween , released in 1988 as the lead single from their eighth album , keeper of the seven keys .
thank i wish i could sleep until my daddy comes back home is a world war i song written by sam m. lewis and joe waterson , and performed by american teenage singer-songwriter daddy come back home .
nothin ' to lose is a song by the american rock band kiss .
dear clouds is a song by space that was first released on 10 february 1997 .
madhouse is a song by american thrash metal band anthrax that first appeared in 1985 on their debut album , spreading the disease .
throw it down is a song by american singer dominique young unique , released as the lead single from her debut studio album , trap ( 2014 ) .
blind is a song by american rock band korn .
thank you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music band baillie the boys .
 rock you is a song by american rock band helix .
i 'm gon na love you just a little is a song by american singer barry white .
hank williams , you wrote my life is a song written by paul craft , and recorded by american country music artist moe bandy .
do ya wan na funk is a song by english funk singer sylvester .
la devotee is a song by american alternative rock band panic ! from their debut studio album , death of a bachelor ( 2015 ) .
the hampsterdance song is the sixth song of roger millerr 's debut studio album hampton the hampsters .
slippin ' is a song by american hip hop recording artist dmx .
what goes on is a song by the velvet underground that was first released on march 1969 .
give me you is a song by american singer mary j. blige , featuring rapper eric clapton , from her 2000 album mary .
searchin ' is a song by english singer hazell dean , included in her debut solo album , heart first ( 1984 ) .
will to love is a song by neil young , included in the album american stars 'n bars .
 golden oldie is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
dux amis pour un amour is a 1970 song composed by roger dumas and jean-jacques debout and performed by american singer johnny hallyday .
italian love song is a song recorded by australian singer tina arena , released as the third single from her tenth studio album , greatest hits 1994-2004 .
spring change is a song by exposé from their 1987 album exposure .
baby is a song by american hip hop recording artist fabolous from his second studio album , real talk ( 2005 ) .
i can go deep is a song by american r b group silk .
fu-ji-tsu ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1988 song recorded by japanese recording artist shizuka kudo .
 ya nada queda ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by japanese pop group kudai for their self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
new to this town is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kix brooks which hit no .
thinking is a song by english rock and roll artist roger daltrey .
tore down a la rimbaud is a song by american rock and roll artist van morrison .
waltz away dreaming is a song by english singer-songwriter bourke with george michael .
 outlaw in ' e is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist waylon .
 freestyle is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lady antebellum .
the angel god sent from heaven is a world war i song composed by robert levenson and paul a. smith and performed by the american march band jack mendelsohn .
wanted dead or alive is a song by american rock band bon jovi .
death to my hometown is a song by american singer bruce springsteen from his debut studio album , wrecking ball ( 2011 ) .
music sounds better with you is a song by english drum and bass band stardust .
dance disco is a song by the american rock band public image ltd .
 g 'd up is a song by american hip hop recording artist tha eastsidaz and featuring rapper butch cassidy .
i think about it all the time is a song written by billy livsey and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
save your love is a 1989 r b song by american singer tracie spencer .
ride wit u is a song by american rapper joe , featuring rapper carvin haggins , from his self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in hip hop ) .
la cactus ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by jacques dutronc and composed by dacques lanzmann and produced by unknown .
sway me true is a song written by paul kennerley and brent maher , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .
my best of my life is a song recorded by japanese recording artist superfly for her seventh studio album , box emotions ( 2009 ) .
secret journey is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album ghost in the machine in 1982 .
this is no is a song by american electronic group static-x .
 gorilla is a song by american singer-songwriter james taylor .
i wan na go is a dance-pop song by britney spears from her debut studio album femme fatale ( 2011 ) .
 into the blue is a song by american recording artist mobymimi goese .
it 's the hard knock life is a song written by martin charnin and orphans and performed by annie and orphans .
songs of experience is a dance-pop song by american singer eden 's crush .
the miller 's three sons is a world war i era march song composed by William miller and three sons and performed by roud 138 , laws q21 .
shut down is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian , and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
you dead is a song by american alternative metal band helmet .
diamond in my fee is a song by the american rock band crowded house .
shell shocked is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j , featuring rapper wiz khalifa and ty dolla sign .
good day is a song by american singer-songwriter jewel .
trouble of the world is a song written by richard carpenter and john bettis , and recorded by american country music band carpenters .
knight for a day is a song by australian alternative rock band pierce the veil , featuring british singer-songwriter kellin quinn , from her debut studio album collide with the sky ( 2012 ) .
shitty on the radio is a song recorded by nelly furtado and released as the first single off his debut studio album , whoa , nelly !
the world behind is a song by american progressive house recording artist axwell , released as the third single from her debut studio album , until one , 2009 .
gucci gang is a song by american hip hop recording artist lil pump from his third studio album , lil pump ( 2017 ) .
one more red nightmare is a song by english progressive rock band king crimson featured on their 1974 album red .
 dreamland is a song by american singer bennie k .
here come the nice is a song by the small faces featured on their 1967 album `` talk to you '' .
we are family is a song by sister sledge and is the lead track on her debut album , we are family ( 1979 ) .
cool night is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul davis .
i 'm comin ' over is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris young .
save the best for las is a song by american singer vanessa williams .
i wan na do is a song recorded by the american rock band heart .
 hurts so good is a song written and performed by john cougar .
first train home is a song by american singer-songwriter imogen heap from her debut studio album ellipse ( 2009 ) .
chain hang low is a song by american rapper jibbs from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
club tropicana is a song by wham ! and is the lead track on their debut album , fantastic ( 1983 ) .
breat your name is a song by sixpence none the richer .
bug powder dus is a song by american hip hop recording artist bomb the bass , featuring rapper justin warfield , from his 1994 album , clear .
a certain smile is a song written by sammy fain and paul francis webster , and performed by american singer johnny mathis .
tvc 15 is a song by american singer david bowie .
who put the bomp is a 1961 r bomp song by barry mann .
 swamp thing is a song by the grid that was first released on 23 may , 1994 .
i will buy you a new life is a song by art alexakis , greg eklund and craig montoya and released as the third single from their sixth studio album , so much for the afterglow ( 1997 ) .
behind these hazel eyes is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her second studio album , breakaway ( 2005 ) .
all for the beatles is a popular song written in 1953 by john marascalco and harry nilsson , and recorded by american rock and roll band foto-fi four .
 heaven is a song by american singer nina .
 wo n't back down is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem , featuring rapper p!nk , from his debut album , recovery ( 2010 ) .
lifted is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family that was first released on 22 may 1995 .
night star is a song written by barry gibb and maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
 heaven 's just a sin away is a song written by jerry gillespie , and recorded by american country music group the kendalls .
 ( watch , hope , and wait ) is a world war i song written by lew brown and will clayton and performed by american teenage singer girl girl .
human is a song by oscar zia , released as the third single from her debut studio album , human ( 2016 ) .
 girl 's life is a song recorded by american singer girlfriend .
 drops of jupiter is a song by american rock band train .
hands on the whee is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q , released as the lead single from his debut ep habits contradictions : habits contradictions ( stylized as `` jump in the line '' ) .
turn back the hands of time is a hit song performed by r b singer tyrone davis and written by daniels bonnie thompson .
 renaissance girls is a song by american electronic group oh land .
 nicotine & gravy is a song by british hip hop band beck .
she can rock i is a song by american power station that was first released on 30 september 1996 .
do we go from here is a song by the american alternative rock band filter .
this never happened before is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul mccartney from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
at my front door is a r b song performed by the el dorados and written by ewart abner and john moore .
 beggin ' on your knees is a song by american singer victoria justice from her debut studio album , victorious ( 2011 ) .
when you leave that way you can never go is a song written by steve clark and johnny macrae , and recorded by american country music artist sam neely .
paper doll is a song written by johnny s. black and performed by the mills brothers .
songs of experience is a song performed by american recording artist ice-t .
 pinch me is a song by barenaked ladies from their second album , maroon ( 2000 ) .
surv survivor is a song by elena paparizou , and the main theme song from the greek film one life .
burning desire is a song by american singer lana del rey from her debut studio album , paradise ( 2013 ) .
 miracle is a song by mexican eurodance band cascada , released as the third single from their second studio album everytime we touch .
great day is a 1999 r b song by beverley knight , neville thomas and pule pheto and included in the album prodigal sista .
when you believe is a song by american singer mariah carey and whitney houston .
jesse is a song written and performed by american singer carly simon .
party like a rockstar is a song by american recording artist shop boyz .
brother is a song by american singer alice in chains from her 1992 album , sap .
i 'm a ) road runner is a hit song performed by r b group junior walker the allstars and written by holland with tamla motown .
 survival is a song by american new wave and synth-pop band muse .
hey jupiter is a song by english pop group august 20 , 1996 .
british record producer midnight oil is a song written by rob hirstjim moginiepeter and carson garrett , and recorded by american recording artist midnight oil .
 ball for me is a song by american recording artist post malone from her third studio album , beerbongs bentleys ( 2018 ) .
lotta rosie is a song written by angus young , bon scott and malcolm young and performed by american rock band ac/dc .
dear bill is a song by american hard rock band screaming trees that first appeared in 1992 on the soundtrack to their 1992 album sweet oblivion .
i wan na fight your father is a song recorded by american rock band the rubberbandits and released as the lead single from their debut studio album , serious about men ( 2011 ) .
 hearts do n't break around here is a song by american singer ed sheeran from her third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .
like a yo-yo is a 1989 song by italo dance artist sabrina .
virus is a song by english duo martin garrix and moti .
with you is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ricky nelson .
question of fai is a song by the american rock band lighthouse family and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
 redefinition is a dance-pop song by english electronic group infernal , released as the third single from their third studio album , electric cabaret .
zero is a song by american hard rock band the smashing pumpkins featured on their 1996 album mellon collie and the infinite sadness .
splay no games is a song by american rapper big sean from his debut studio album , dark sky paradise ( 2015 ) .
one precious love is a song written by joan besen , and recorded by american country music artist prairie oyster .
josephine is a song by american singer-songwriter chris rea .
heart like a wheel is a song by the human league that was first released on 6 august 1990 .
ghost is a song by american singer fefe dobson from her debut studio album , joy ( 2010 ) .
 fountain of sorrow is a song written by jackson browne and al schmitt , and recorded by browne for his 1975 album , late for the sky .
new day is a song by american singer patti labelle from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
short people is a song by american rock and roll artist randy newman .
the sound of the tone is a song written by dave richardson and max t. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .
sommartider is a song written by per gessle , and recorded by american singer gyllene tider .
she said is a song by collective soul , released as the lead single from their debut album , scream 2 music from the brandon lee ( 1998 ) .
 runaway horses is a song written by rick nowels and ellen shipley , and recorded by english singer belinda carlisle .
trouble is a song by american hip hop recording artist trackshittaz released on 14 june 2011 .
it 's over now is a song by american r b singer luther vandross .
cens is a 1988 song by the american electronic group skinny puppy , included in the album vivisectvi .
somew to love is a song by american glam rock band jefferson airplane .
guarantor is a song by american singer-songwriter eddie vedder from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
do you love me is a song recorded by american singer amanda jenssen , it was released as the second single from her tenth studio album , killing my darlings ( 2008 ) .
 rag doll is a 1988 song by american rock band aerosmith .
good time is a song recorded by american spring and released as the b-side to the group 's `` sweet mountain '' single on may 1 , 1972 .
 acquainted is a song by american singer the weeknd from her debut studio album beauty behind the madness ( 2015 ) .
lover stay is a song written and recorded by american singer dan fogelberg .
 jerigonza ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by argentine singer-songwriter dayanara torres released on 1998 , as the first single off her eighth studio album antifaz .
houston is a song written by lee hazlewood , and recorded by american country music artist dean martin .
phen ca is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks as the opening track on their debut album the village green preservation society in 1968 .
lover song is a song written by steven runkle , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
 good is a song by american alternative rock band better than ezra .
do n't they understand is a song written by jack fishman and joe henderson , and performed by american country music artist george hamilton iv .
what do you say to tha is a song written by jim lauderdale and melba montgomery , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .
dance to joy division is a song by english indie rock band the wombats released on 8 october 2007 .
mus bound is a song by australian new wave and ballet band spandau ballet .
one is a song by irish rock band u2 .
the stroll is a song and single written by nancy lee and clyde otis and performed by american rock and roll band the diamonds .
bleing heart is a song by american singer regina spektor from her debut studio album , september 30 , 2016 .
little hitler is a song by nick lowe which was first released on march 1978 .
mississippi squirrel reviva is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ray stevens which hit no .
black eyes is a song by american singer bradley cooper , released as the third single from his eighth studio album , a star is born ( 2018 ) .
mapper is a song by american rock band maroon 5 and is the lead track on their debut studio album v .
baby , be mine is a 1987 r b song by american singer miki howard .
rape me is a song by american glam rock band nirvana , released on 6 december 1993 as the second single from the band 's seventh studio album in utero .
big girls do n't cry is a hit song performed by the four seasons and written by bob crewe and bob gaudio .
friend no. 2 is a song by american rapper pleasure p .
i hate you then i love you is a song by american singer celine dion and songwriter luciano pavarotti .
good clean fun is a song written by gregg allman , dickey betts and johnny neel , and recorded by american country music group the allman brothers band .
a thing about you is a song written by per gessle and carson öfwermangessle , and recorded by american singer roxette .
chlapci v pasci ( english translation : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song performed by american singer and songwriter marika gombitová .
ducky face is a world war i era march song composed by ira gershwin and performed by ricky nelson .
sober is a song by american singer kelly clarkson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
l is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her debut studio album , anamorphosée ( 1995 ) .
baker street is a song by english musician gerry rafferty .
my love is a song by american singer madonna from her 1990 album immaculate collection .
all that i am is a song by british r b singer joe .
tender lie is a song written by randy sharp , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .
hover rainbow is a song by the american rock band the pillows featured on their 1996 album little busters .
baby baby is a song recorded by australian country music artist amy grant , credited to grant , and released as the lead single from her 1991 studio album , heart in motion .
some old side road is a song written by roger d. ferris , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .
do what i got ta do is a song by american r b singer ralph tresvant .
do n't go breaking my heart is a song recorded by the american hip hop band sonic dream collective , released on 3 september 1995 as the second single from their sixth studio album gravity .
lemon is a song by american singer n.d and rihanna .
the heartache 's on me is a song written by mary francis , johnny macrae and bob morrison , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .
too much to think is a song by american hip hop band 311 , released as the third single from their sixth studio album , mosaic ( 2017 ) .
 fool is a song by english alternative rock band mansun .
when it started is a song by english garage rock band the strokes featured on their 2001 album this it .
hot cop is a song by the american disco band village people featured on their 1978 album cruisin ' .
trouble is weekends is a song by american drum and bass artist skrillex from his debut ep my name ( 2010 ) .
never once more is a song written by richard carpenter and john bettis , and recorded by american rock band carpenters .
lara fabian is a 2000 song by american singer-songwriter lara abian .
i like contro ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a 1999 song by american hip hop recording artist dj clue .
the long run is a song by american rock band eagles featured on their 1979 album the long run .
it 's different for girls is a song by english singer joe jackson written by jackson with david kershenbaum , and recorded by american singer-songwriter us .
 rock and roll is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike nelson .
lover takes time is a 1989 song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .
bad as you are is a song by american hip hop artist peter andre .
i 'm just a girl is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .
the anthem is a song by american rock band good charlotte .
you do n't know love is a song written by don king and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
lover is a 1970 song by american singer carole king .
broken hearted melody is a song written by hal david and composed by sherman edwards .
sun grill is a song by american country music artist don henley .
auf wiedersehen is a song written by rick nielsen and tom petersson , and recorded by american rock band cheap trick .
do him run wild is a song recorded by the american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson and mike love , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` california girls '' single on july 5 , 1965 .
 ballerina gir is a song performed by american singer lionel richie and written by richie with anthony carmichael .
entre tus alas ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written by mario domm and paulyna carraz , and recorded by american singer camila .
this love is a song written by brian howe and andy fretwell , and recorded by american rock band bad company .
you changed me is a song recorded by american singer jamie foxx , featuring rapper chris brown , from her debut studio album hollywood a story of a dozen roses ( 2015 ) .
left of center is a song by american singer suzanne vega and steve addabbo .
no light , no lig is a song by english glam rock band florence and the machine .
the lighthouse 's tale is a song by american bluegrass band nickel creek .
every is a song by australian alternative rock band stabilo .
do re mi ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american rock band nirvana .
reach out is a song by american hip hop recording artist nero , featuring british singer-songwriter daryl hall , from her debut studio album welcome reality ( 2011 ) .
lover will lead you back is a 1989 r b song by american singer taylor dayne .
biking is a song by american hip hop recording artist frank ocean , featuring rapper jay-z and tyler , from his third studio album , frank ocean ( 2017 ) .
say what you want is a song by barenaked ladies from their debut album , silverball ( 2015 ) .
have a cuppa tea is a song by the kinks featured on their 1971 album muswell hillbillies .
never turn away is a song by orchestral manoeuvres in the dark that was first released on 29 october 1984 .
 here with me is a song by american christian rock band mercyme , released as the third single from their self-titled debut album ( 2004 ) .
sinkin on to black meta is a song by american indie rock band my morning jacket .
dance is a song by american rapper jermaine cole , released as the third single from his debut ep , elite ( 2010 ) .
i do n't is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist danielle peck .
singing in my sleep is a song by american alternative rock band semisonic .
i 'm not like everybody else is a song by the kinks featured on their 1966 album `` sunny afternoon '' .
bullit is a song by english record producer watermät .
steve mcqueen is a song recorded by american singer sheryl crow , featuring rapper john shanks , from crow 's self-titled debut studio album ( 2002 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american hip hop artist ludacris from his self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
discovered is a song by american singer-songwriter james morrison from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
 forever is a 1989 song by the american rock band kiss .
troublemaker is a song recorded by japanese recording artist arashi for her tenth studio album , boku no miteiru fūkei ( 2010 ) .
danger is a song by english recording artist rumer from her debut studio album , into colour ( 2014 ) .
it 's been awhile is a song by american alternative rock band staind .
life in harmony is a song recorded by japanese recording artist misia for her tenth studio album , david foster presents love ( 2010 ) .
 revolving door is a song by american hip hop band crazy town .
25 minutes to go is a song written and recorded by shel silverstein .
no sleep till brooklyn is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys and is the lead track on their debut album , licensed to ill .
do n't need the sun to shine is a song recorded by american singer gabrielle .
hollywood undead is a song by american hip hop band hollywood undead from their debut album american tragedy ( 2010 ) .
new is a 1999 song by no doubt from their second album , return of saturnandmusic .
in the land of the buffalo is a world war i era march song written by harry williams and composed by egbert van alstyne .
end of the nig is a song by the doors featured on their 1967 album the doors .
le majors come again is a song by american hip hop band beastie boys from their third album , hot sauce committee part two ( 2009 ) .
 paradise & dreams is a song by english hard rock band force styles featuring british singer-songwriter junior .
fall leaves is a world war i song composed by jacques prévert and johnny mercer and performed by yves montand and irène joachim .
sex on the radio is a song by american rock band good charlotte .
 om tårar vore guld ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1970 song written by agnetha fältskog and produced by karl gerhard lundkvist .
long goodbye is a song by english glam rock band thompson twins and is the lead track on their 1987 album close to the bone .
lollipop is a song and single written by beverly ross and julius dixson and performed by r b singer-songwriter february , 1958 .
blue eyes crying in the rain is a song written by fred rose , and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .
give it up is a song by american hip hop recording artist public enemy .
new jack hustler is a song performed by american recording artist ice-t .
ear rollercoaster is a song by american singer vivian green from her second studio album , a love story ( 2002 ) .
to my home is a 1989 song by paul mccartney and elvis costello .
when i grow up is a song by american rock band garbage .
run to hi is a 1961 song written by gerry goffin and jack keller , and recorded by english teenage singer vee .
s satin only is a song by the american hard rock band ammonia .
last stop is a song by american rock band eels featured on their self-titled debut album ( 1998 ) .
dance is forever without you is a song by english soft rock singer england dan john ford coley .
give me the night is a song by american singer george benson .
she was a ) hotel detective is a 1988 song by american rock band they might be giants .
postmarked birmingha ( this is it ) is a song written by phil vassar and don sampson , and recorded by american country music band blackhawk .
beball is a song by american trance singer nalin kane .
radio is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams , it was released as the third single from her tenth studio album , greatest hits ( 2004 ) .
 permanent is a song by american alternative rock singer david cook , released as the third single from his tenth studio album , may 18 , 2009 .
all the wrong places is a song recorded by american eurodance band example .
do n't care is a song recorded by sigala and the vamps for their eighth studio album brighter days ( 2018 ) .
old school is a song by english punk rock band hedley .
lover gets me every time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shania twain .
vgas two times is a song by american alternative rock band stereophonics .
class reunion is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lonestar .
the tree is a song by american alternative rock band belly .
swayin ' is a song by american hip hop artist papa roach from his debut studio album the connection ( 2012 ) .
pink handsome is a song by american rock band everything everything .
so damn fine is a song by american singer joanne .
 crush is a song by american jazz-pop group dave matthews band .
the homecoming queen 's got a gun is a song written by julie brown , charlie coffey and ray colcord and recorded by brown for her debut studio album , bulletz ( 1983 ) .
banners of love is a song by english christian contemporary-ambient rock band luminate .
we need a whole lot more of jesus is a song written by wayne raney , and recorded by american country music artist wayne .
all that i 've got is a song by american emo band the used .
you better move on is a 1961 r b song by arthur alexander .
please do n't break my hear is a song by australian europop recording artist kalomoira , featuring rapper fatman scoop , from her debut studio album ( 2010 ) .
sway is a song by american hip hop recording artist snap ! from his 1991 album snap ! .
the man is a song by american singer aloe blacc from her debut studio album , lift your spirit ( 2014 ) .
worth i is a song by fifth harmony from their debut studio album , reflection ( 2015 ) .
world without love is a world without love song written by lennon -- mccartney and produced by dave dexter jr .
diamond hoo ha man is a song by english rock band supergrass .
all of the lights is a song by american rapper kanye west from his debut album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
the strip is a song by american glam rock band scarlet pleasure released on november 3 , 2014 , as the third single from the band 's eighth studio album , mirage ( 2014 ) .
this love is a song by bob marley and the wailers featured on their 1978 album kaya .
do not disturb is a song by bananarama that was first released on 12 august 1985 .
something beautifu is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter robbie williams .
i know there 's an answer is a song written by brian wilsonmike loveterry sachen and recorded by american country music band the beach boys .
dear little secre is a song by american punk rock band the all-american rejects .
like a prayer is a 1989 song by american singer madonna .
s semi-charmed life is a song by american alternative rock band third eye blind .
hallå där is a song recorded by basshunter for his sixth studio album , lol ( 2006 ) .
kalimba story is a song by american funk band earth , wind fire .
under the influence is a song by elle king from her debut studio album , love stuff ( 2015 ) .
swaying airplanes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .
private dancer is a song recorded by american singer tina turner , credited to knopfler , and released as the b-side to her debut solo album , private dancer ( 1984 ) .
 me think about i is a song by american singer ida corr from her second studio album , one ( 2007 ) .
sign of the times is a song by american hard rock band queensrÿche .
we share the same sun is a song by australian alternative rock band stereophonics featured on their debut album , graffiti on the train ( 2013 ) .
moon 83 is a song by the b-52 's that was first released on april 27 , 1983 .
the evening news is a song by american hip hop artist chamillionaire .
point of view is a song by american reggae artist matumbi .
room at the top is a 1989 song by american new wave and new romantic band adam ant , included in the album manners physique .
the wicked messenger is a song written by bob dylan and recorded by american country music artist john wesley harding .
 antmusic is a song by adam and the ants featured on their 1980 album kings of the wild frontier .
ca ciao italia ( english translation : `` ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by lasse holmeddie oliva and after shave and performed by american pop group after shave .
you do n't love me anymore is a song performed by american rapper `` weird al '' yankovic .
crazy is a song recorded by australian singer franka batelić for her eighth studio album , croatia ( 2018 ) .
brick by boring brick is a song by american alternative rock band paramore .
girls , women and ladies is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ed bruce .
world without love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
lover is easy is a song by american hip hop band mcfly from their debut studio album memory lane the best of mcfly ( 2012 ) .
independent love song is a song by american glam rock band scarlet that first appeared in 1994 on the soundtrack to their second studio album , naked .
put you in a song is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
in motion is a song by japanese alternative rock band hide .
vogue is a song by american singer madonna from her 1990 album i 'm breathless .
the weeping song is a 1989 song by nick cave and the bad seeds from their second album the good son .
i stand is a song recorded by american singer gabriela gunčíková for her eighth studio album , czech republic ( 2015 ) .
i do n't wan na cry no more is a song by the american rock band helloween .
ca n't put a price on love is a song written by doug fieger and berton averre , and recorded by american rock band the knack .
c-i-t-y is a song by john cafferty and the beaver brown band .
yank me , crank me is a song by american hard rock singer ted nugent .
i n't no trick is a song written by jim hurt and steve pippin , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
way too long is a song by american recording artist audio bullys from her second studio album , ego war ( 2003 ) .
pretty in scarle is a song by german rock band guano apes from their second album , walking on a thin line ( 2003 ) .
 melanie makes me smile is a song written by barry mason and tony macaulay , and recorded by american rock band the strangers .
one last dance is a song by american singer sarah connor from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .
outside today is a song by american rapper youngboy from his third studio album , until death call my name ( 2018 ) .
the ballad of thunder road is a song written by robert mitchum and composed by jack marshall .
 contagious love is a song recorded by american duo zendaya and bella thorne , and released as the third single from their debut studio album , shake it up i love dance .
songs of experience is a song co-written and recorded by american singer gail davies .
i love you because is a song written and recorded by american country music artist leon payne .
songs of experience is the sixth song by american indie rock band gomez .
salva mea ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a dance-pop song by american singer laurent wéry .
an old fashioned love song is a song written by paul williams and richard podolor , and recorded by american rock band three dog night .
i saved the world today is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter eurythmics .
shel me understand is a song written by hank williams and recorded by american country music artist hank the drifter .
general and majors is a song written by colin moulding and steve lillywhite , and recorded by xtc .
manhattan skyline is a song by australian new wave and synth-pop band a-ha .
green light is a song by english rock group cliff richard , written by alan tarney 3 and produced by bruce welch .
i cheated me right out of you is a song written by bobby barker , and recorded by american country music artist moe bandy .
i be hi is a song by argentine singer-songwriter james arthur from his debut studio album back from the edge ( 2017 ) .
lena tribute is a song recorded by american singer jennifer lopez for her debut studio album , may 4 , 2015 .
yes , i 'm ready is a hit song performed by american singer barbara mason and written by mason with r b group arctic records .
between right and wrong is a song written by earl thomas conley and nelson larkin , and recorded by american country music artist earl conley .
satellite of love is a song by lou reed that was first released on february 1973 .
tu manques ( `` tu manques '' ) is a song written by jean-jacques goldman and erick benzi , and recorded by american singer carole fredericks and michael jones .
dance is a dancer is a song by american eurodance recording artist snap ! .
worrisome heart is a song by melody gardot from her debut album worrisome heart ( 2008 ) .
 good life is a 1988 song by the inner city , included in the album paradise .
mixed bizness is a 2000 song by american funk band beck .
ca n't stop is a 1990 song by american r b band after 7 .
zonto ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper wizkid from his debut studio album , january 28 , 2012 .
perfect stranger is a song written by tim goodman and john mcfee , and recorded by american country music artist southern pacific .
stupid girl is a song by american alternative rock band garbage .
wild child is a song recorded by australian singer ace wilder , released as a single on 26 february 2017 .
down by the water is a song by the decemberists from their debut album the king is dead .
here come those tears again is a song written by jackson browne and nancy farnsworth , and recorded by american rock singer-songwriter browne for his 1976 album the pretender .
living proof is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .
diced pineapples is a song by american rapper rick ross from his debut album god forgives ( 2012 ) .
why not us is a song by american electronic group monrose , released as the third single from their third studio album i am .
kom is a song by timoteij from their tenth studio album längtan ( 2010 ) .
broken record is a song by american singer katy b from her debut studio album , on a mission ( 2011 ) .
beaucoups of blues is a 1970 song by american country music artist ringo starr .
 raoul and the kings of spain is a song by australian glam rock band tears for fears .
 mercy is a song by american singer duffy from her debut studio album rockferry ( 2008 ) .
lucky all over is a song by dave clark five and mike smith 1 .
the night sky is a song by australian alternative rock band keane .
more than a name on a wa is a song written by jimmy fortunejohn rimel , and recorded by american country music duo the statler brothers .
 still rolling stones is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lauren daigle for her third studio album , look up child ( 2018 ) .
kashmir is a song by english rock band led zeppelin featured on their 1975 album , physical graffiti .
when you 've been blessed is a song by singer patti labelle from her 1992 album , burnin ' .
sway is a song by american rapper lil wayne from her debut studio album rebirth ( 2010 ) .
 mountains is a song recorded by columbia pop group lsd .
brand nubian is a 1989 r b song by american hip hop artist brand nubsian .
dance with a stranger is a song by american duo sam smith and normani .
lover somebody is a song by american dance-pop band maroon 5 from their debut studio album , overexposed ( 2013 ) .
v vit som en snö ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a christmas song performed by måns zelmerlöw with pernilla andersson and released as a single on 29 november 2010 .
breat is a song by english electronic group erasure from their second album , nightbird ( 2005 ) .
 god be with our boys tonig is a world war i song in the style of a march .
infra turbo pigcart racer is a song by english progressive house recording artist deadmau5 from her debut album , while ( 1 2 ) .
do n't marry her is a song recorded by american country music band the beautiful south .
3 little words is a song by english electronic group frankmusik .
i wan na make you feel good is a song by american electronic group the system .
 virgin mary is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1975 album love to love you baby .
dearwood is a song by american garage rock band dirty pretty things from their second album , waterloo to anywhere .
that 's old fashioned is a song and single written by bill giant and bernie baum florence kaye 1 and performed by the everly brothers .
 mind your own business is a song written by hank williams and fred rose .
monster is a song by american rapper kanye west from her debut studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .
who are you is a song by american singer emine sari .
single ladies is a dance-pop song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2008 ) .
 rhythm of the rain is a song performed by american r b band the cascades and written by john claude gummoe .
it 's time is a song by american indie rock band imagine dragons from their debut album , night visions ( 2012 ) .
 ram chahe leela ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by sanjay leela bhansali and hindustani classical music artist bhoomi trivedi .
 alone with you is a song and single written by jackie deshannon and performed by american teenage singer brenda lee .
julia says is a song by the american soft rock band wet wet wet .
in the dark is a dance-pop song by american indie rock band dev .
the secret life of arabia is a song by american singer david bowie , written by bowie with brian eno and carlos alomar and produced by tony visconti .
sober is a song by american rapper james arthur .
t tu primo grande amore ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by italian singer vincenzo cantiello from his debut studio album , 3 october 2014 .
video is a song by american recording artist india .
the only way ou is a song by american rock band bush .
you 're gon na miss me when i 'm gone is a song written by kix brooksdon cookronnie dunn , and recorded by american country music artist brooks dunn .
s flowers on the grave is a song by australian electronic group september .
as long as it matters is a song by american glam rock band gin blossoms .
on a hig is a song by american singer duncan sheik from her second studio album , daylight ( 2002 ) .
7 minutes is a song by australian singer dean lewis from her debut studio album , 18 january 2019 .
 à 20 ans ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a dance-pop song by american singer lorie .
everyone 's gone to the moon is a song written by jonathan king and canada .
original sin is a song written by michael hutchence andrew farriss , and recorded by american rock band inxs .
no love songs is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris cagle .
i remember u is a song by cartoon and featuring vocals from jüri pootsmann .
 jeanny ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by english glam rock band falco .
 girl gone wild is a song recorded by english singer madonna for her debut studio album , mdna ( 2012 ) .
 california gurls is a song by american singer katy perry from her debut studio album , teenage dream ( 2010 ) .
do n't answer me is a song by american soft rock band alan parsons project .
s suffer little children is a song by english indie rock band the smiths that was first released on 20 february 1984 .
s send a little love my way is a song written by henry mancini and hal david , and recorded by american country music artist anne murray .
living creatures of the night is a song by the american rock band kiss .
 god 's gon na cut you down is a song written by ricky rubin , and recorded by american country music artist johnny cash .
what does it take is a song written by jim glaser , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
the bluest eyes in texas is a song written by tim duboisdave robbinsvan stephenson , scott hendricks and restless heart and recorded by american country music group restless heart .
now she 's wrong is a song by american power rock band jellyfish from their 1991 album bellybutton .
skeletons is a song by american singer-songwriter dihaj from her third studio album , eurovision ( 2018 ) .
shined is a song by american hard rock band soundgarden that was first released on december 1991 .
i want to be loved like tha is a song written by phil barnhart , sam hogin and bill labounty , and recorded by american country music artist shenandoah .
day in the sun is a song by american singer-songwriter peter frampton .
two fux is a song by american singer adam lambert .
why you wan na is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i .
miami , my amy is a song written by hank cochran , dean dillon and royce porter and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .
what you want is a song by american alternative rock band evanescence .
the night i fell in love is a song by english glam rock band pet shop boys released on 5 september 2002 .
 apache drop ou is a 1970 song by american rock and roll band edgar broughton band .
staying is a christian rock band by jeremy camp from their self-titled debut album ( see 2003 in music ) .
if there 's any justice is a song written by tony colton , michael noble and c. michael spriggs , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .
move your body is a 1999 song by eiffel 65 , included in the album europop .
hallelujah ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by british singer-songwriter leonard cohen .
yahooze ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a 2007 song by olu maintain from his album october 27 , 2007 .
the road you leave behind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist david lee murphy .
ponto a correre ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american singer marco mengoni .
lucky star is a song by american hip hop recording artist basement jaxx from his second studio album , kish kash ( 2005 ) .
sending late is a song by american hip hop band floetry .
littlest things is a song by english singer-songwriter lily allen from her second studio album , alright ( 2006 ) .
 sundown syndrome is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .
set me free is a song by the kinks featured on their debut album , `` i need you '' ( 1965 ) .
body like a back road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist sam hunt .
that 's the way is a song by american funk band kc and the sunshine band .
luminized is a song by hurts from their debut studio album happiness .
one of a kind is a song by american hip hop artist g-dragon from her debut studio album , one of akind ( 2012 ) .
 good as new is a song by abba that was first released on october 1979 .
dance on the ceiling is a song performed by american singer lionel richie and written by richie with carlos rios and michael frenchik .
one year of love is a song by american singer queen .
i 'm not your toy is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band la roux .
gold slugs is a song by american rapper dj khaled from his debut studio album i changed a lot ( 2015 ) .
 promises is a song by american american rock band the cranberries featured on their 1999 album bury the hatchet .
no fear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist terri clark .
y.m. is a song by american glam rock band village people and is the lead track on their debut album , cruisin ' ( 1978 ) .
my generation is a song by american hip hop band limp bizkit .
i 'm never giving up is a song recorded by american dream band sweet dreams , credited to ron roker , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` two way mirror '' single on march , 1983 .
sun serenade is a world war i song by frankie carle and jack lawrence , and performed by american jazz artist glenn miller .
fallin is a dance-pop song by american singer zoë badwi from her debut studio album zoë ( 2010 ) .
dance nasty is a song by american singer pixie lott from her debut studio album , pixie nelson ( 2014 ) .
do you really want to hurt me is a song recorded by the american rock band culture club , credited to roy hayboy georgemikey and released as the b-side to the group 's `` do you cry '' single on 6 september 1982 .
bruce is a song written by rick springfield , and recorded by springfield for his 1980 album beautiful feelings .
ssee saw is a hit song performed by american r b group don covay and steve cropper and written by covay with don cavey and carson goodtimers .
mittageisen is a song by siouxsie and the banshees and is the lead track on their debut album , love in a void ( 1979 ) .
dearisy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group halfway to hazard .
talk to me is a song written by ace frehley , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
too hotty is a song by american recording artists quality control and migos .
southern downpour is a song by english glam rock band panic at the disco .
lover us move on is a song by american recording artist dido , featuring rapper kendrick lamar , from her debut studio album girl who got away ( 2012 ) .
shel shelter from the stor is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .
lover 's taken over is a song by r bsoul singer chanté moore .
cry softly is a song written by buddy killen , billy sherrill and glenn sutton and performed by american singer andsongwriter andy williams .
t til i am myself again is a song written by greg keelorjim cuddy , and recorded by american country music band blue rodeo .
should n't have to be like tha is a song written by rune kristoffersen and øyvind kvalnes , and recorded by fra lippo lippi .
there goes my heart again is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist holly dunn .
lover & hate is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ryuichi sakamoto , featuring guest vocals from american singer holly johnson , from her 1994 album sweet revenge .
in my cabana is a song recorded by american singer margaret .
 eleanor put your boots on is a song by american indie rock band franz ferdinand from their self-titled debut album ( 2006 ) .
me so bad is a song recorded by american singer tinashe for her eighth studio album , joyride ( 2018 ) , featuring guest vocals from french singer ty dolla sign and french montana .
this is the night is a song performed by australian singer malta .
i love rock 'n't roll is a song by american rock band the jesus and mary chain .
if this world were mine is a hit song performed by american r b and tammi terrell and written by marvin gaye and produced by harvey fuqua and johnny bristol .
this ai n't dallas ( you 're not from texas ) is a song written by hank williams jr and carson bros .
dear with a blue dress on is a song written by frederick long and william stevenson , and performed by american teenage singer shorty long .
the happiness in is a song by english singer-songwriter david sylvian written by him with steve nye and produced by wisseloord studios .
there will never be another tonig is a song by american country music artist bryan adams .
through the years is a song written by steve dorff and marty panzer , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
my song is a song by american singer-songwriter jerry cantrell from his debut studio album , boggy depot ( 1998 ) .
the ghosts of beverly drive is a song by english indie rock band death cab for cutie .
lover alone is worth the fig is a song recorded by american rock band switchfoot , released as the lead single from their debut studio album , fading west ( 2013 ) .
that blue moon ever shine on you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist keith which hit no .
 iggy szn ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american rapper iggy azalea from her debut album reclassified ( 2014 ) .
sway ta be my gir is a song by american r b and disco band the o'jays featured on their 1978 album so full of love .
i think she like me is a song by american rapper rick ross from his third studio album , rather you than me ( 2017 ) .
the legend of wooley swamp is a song written and recorded by american country music artist charlie daniels .
i still call australia home is a song written by peter allen , and recorded by australian singer-songwriter peters allen .
this is a dance-pop song by american singer cheryl cole from her debut studio album , messy little raindrops ( 2010 ) .
somed you 'll call my name is a song written by jean branch and eddie hill , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
the dancefloor is a dancefloor song by australian electronic group cascada .
sinktin ' over you is a song by american duo david guetta and chris willis , featuring vocals from british duo fergie and lmfao .
no more one more time is a song written by troy seals , dave kirby and bill halverson , and recorded by american country music artist jo-el sonnier .
darlin ' do n't go is a song recorded by american recording artist sundance head .
you 'd be surprised is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ken lee .
go is a song by american singer-songwriter hanson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
i 've got a feeling i 'm falling is a world war i song composed by fats waller and harry link .
 albatross is a song by the american rock band corrosion of conformity .
 yo no soy esa mujer ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin poppop song written by christian de waldenralf stemmann and translated by paulina rubio .
georgy girl is a song by english glam rock band the seekers featured on their 1966 album , come the day .
lover is a song by american singer erykah badu from her debut album new amerykah part one ( 4th world war ) .
gutter is a song by american singer medina from her debut studio album welcome to medina ( 2011 ) .
do n't stop is a song by nothing more from their third studio album , the stories we tell ourselves .
c'est une belle journée ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american singer mylène farmer from her second studio album les mots ( 2002 ) .
in the mourning is a song recorded by japanese recording artist paramore for her seventh studio album , singles club ep ( 2011 ) .
seven days in the sun is a song by australian garage rock band feeder .
never say never is a song written by walt aldridge , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
dance girl is a song by american hip hop artist flo rida from her debut studio album only one flo ( part 1 ) .
just for you is a song by american singer lionel richie .
dearlah is a song by english r b band florence and the machine .
mother love is a song by american glam rock band queen .
clock strikes ten is a song written by rick nielsen , and recorded by american rock band cheap trick .
anything goes is a song written by gary morris and eddie setser , and recorded by morris for his 1986 studio album anything goes .
every light in the house is a song written by kent robbins and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
that ai n't my truck is a song written by rhett akinstom shapirochris waters , and recorded by american country music artist rhett akins .
i lie is a song written by tom damphier , and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
my spiri ( `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song recorded by american rapper kodak black for her third studio album , dying to live ( 2018 ) .
white christmas blue is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist loretta lynn .
sway me you love me is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her third studio album , tell me you loves me ( 2017 ) .
close is a song by american alternative rock band jars of clay , released as the third single from their third studio album closer ep .
my cherie amour is a hit song performed by stevie wonder and written by wonder with henry cosby and sylvia moy .
jump right in is a song by the urge , released as the lead single from their debut album , master of styles ( 1998 ) .
all night long is a song recorded by american singer alexandra burke , featuring rapper pitbull , from her debut studio album overcome ( 2010 ) .
red bandana is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .
dance de groove is a 1990 song by falco from their album data de groove .
shear your love with me is a song by alfred braggs and deadric malone and is the lead track on their debut album , call on me ( see 1964 in music ) .
long gone lonesome blues is a song written by hank williams , and recorded by american country music artist hank before his 1950 studio album , another man daddy .
there 's no room in my heart for the blues is a song written by fred rose and zeb turner , and recorded by american country music artist hank williams .
new americana is a song by american singer halsey from her debut studio album , badlands ( 2015 ) .
smoke , drink , break-up is a song recorded by american singer mila j .
only words i know is a song by the american alternative rock band blue .
i lv it is a song by mexican eurodancek-pop band psy .
happiness is a song by american singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her debut studio album seventh tree ( 2008 ) .
come home soldier is a song written by bobby vinton and gene allan 1 , and performed by vinton .
why is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rascal flatts which hit no .
i 'm wastin ' my tears on you is a world war i song written by frank harford and performed by tex ritter .
the quiet one is a song by the who featured on their debut album , face dances ( 1981 ) .
staying on the edge of goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
hey deanie is a song written by eric carmen , and recorded by american singer shaun cassidy .
you ready is a song by american metal band disturbed .
lover in rewind is a song by english singer-songwriter dino merlin from his debut studio album , february 21 , 2011 .
salade de fruits is a 1959 song composed by armand canfora and noël roux 1 and performed by bourvil .
in a darkened roo is a song by australian glam rock band skid row that first appeared in 1991 on the soundtrack to the band 's sixth studio album slave to the grind .
 privilege is a song by english singer patti smith group and is the lead track on her debut album easter ( 1978 ) .
losing to a geisha gir is a song written by lawton williams and ken tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
calling is a song by american singer geri halliwell from her second studio album , scream if you wan na ( 2000 ) .
change is a song by american singer christina aguilera for her eighth studio album , change ( 2016 ) .
 namidairo ( stylized as `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist yui for her seventh studio album i loved yesterday ( 2008 ) .
songs of experience is a song by american hip hop recording artist a + .
hyperactive is a song by american singer robert palmer .
 house party ii is a 1991 song by american r b singer tony !
pure and simple is a song by american pop group hear ` say .
living better now is a song by american recording artist jamie foxx , featuring rapper rick ross , from her debut studio album best night of my life ( 2010 ) .
wretches and kings is a song by american hip hop recording artist linkin park from his debut album a thousand suns ( 2010 ) .
pseologia fantastica ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song from foster the people and is the lead track on their debut album , supermodel ( 2014 ) .
give you up is a song by american singer-songwriter dido from her third studio album still on my mind ( 2019 ) .
 tomorrow is a song written by paul stanley and vini poncia and performed by american rock band kiss .
i wan na stay home is a 1991 song by the american rock band jellyfish from their sixth album , bellybutton .
still got the blues is a song by english r b singer gary moore .
big apple is a song by australian alternative rock band kajagoogoo .
salsa tequila is a song recorded by anders nilsen , it was released as the lead single from his debut studio album , dance-pop ( 2014 ) .
i ought to be is a song written by harlan howard and ken tennessee , and recorded by american country music artist skeeter davis .
so addictive is a song recorded by american singer christine milton , released as the third single from her debut studio album , friday ( 2004 ) .
trouble is a friend is a song by australian singer lenka .
songs of experience is a 1957 r b song by the silhouettes on motown records ' tamla label .
i want is a song recorded by american recording artist 702 .
 vulcano ( english : `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter francesca michielin from her debut studio album , 2640 ( 2017 ) .
 rebel love song is a song by american glam rock band black veil brides from their debut album , set the world on fire ( 2011 ) .
the wicker man is a song by american rock band iron maiden , released as the second single from their tenth studio album , brave new world ( 2000 ) .
sway your hear is a dance-pop song by american singer cyndi lauper from her debut studio album , bring ya to the brink ( 2008 ) .
back in love again is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1978 album i remember yesterday .
s sag my pants is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin from his debut album , raw ( 2010 ) .
 illusions is a song by american hip hop recording artist cypress hill .
coming home is a song by american drum and bass band sigma and rita ora .
songs of experience is a song by american alternative rock band embrace .
doo-wah days is a song written by edward hunnicutt , doug gilmore and gary vincent , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .
you see her is a song by american rock band crash test dummies featured on their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
sleep through the static is a song by american singer-songwriter jack johnson from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
it 's ecstasy when you lay down next to me is a song by american r b singer barry white .
push the button is a song by english electronic group sugababes from their second studio album , taller in more ways ( 2005 ) .
the modern bop is a song by american rock band mondo rock .
 engel is a song by australian glam rock band rammstein .
our god reigns is a song by american singer-songwriter brandon heath from his self-titled debut studio album ( 2006 ) .
 up for the down stroke is a song by the funk band parliament .
you 're all that matters to me is a song recorded by american country music artist curtis stigers .
 embryo is a 1970 song by the american psychedelic rock band pink floyd featured on their album picnic -- a breath of fresh air .
you lost the sweetest boy is a hit song performed by american singer mary wells .
blue is a song by american alternative rock band a perfect circle from their self-titled debut album ( see 2004 in music ) .
sway up is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her seventh studio album , perfect crime ( 2001 ) .
she is a song by american rock band kiss , featured on their 1975 album dressed to kill .
h hemel en aarde ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by australian singer and songwriter edsilia rombley .
i 'm gon na love you anyway is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
 de temps en temps ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by grégory lemarchal from his 2007 album la voix d'un ange .
2 minutes to midnig is a song by american glam rock band iron maiden , released as the lead single from their debut album , powerslave ( 1984 ) .
adeline is a song by american alternative rock band alt-j .
 older women is a song written by jamie o'hara , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .
two way street is a song by australian indie rock band kimbra .
hush boy is a dance-pop song by american recording artist basement jaxx .
i do n't need you is a song written by rick christian , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
we 're free is a song written by irwin levine and mickey eichner , and recorded by american singer-songwriter beverly bremers .
lucky disaster is a song recorded by american singer kelly clarkson , featuring rapper matthew wilder , from her debut studio album , thankful ( 2007 ) .
caption is a song by australian glam rock band mi-sex , released in 1982 as the second single from their sixth album `` young maniacs '' .
lady of the island is a song written by graham nash , and recorded by american country music artist , stills nash .
salamat ( `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1989 song by the dawn , included in the album beyond the bend .
week without you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miley cyrus for her eighth studio album , younger now ( 2017 ) .
 acrobat is a song by irish rock band u2 .
you need love is a song by american glam rock band styx ( band ) and is the lead track on their debut album styx ii .
place a candle in the window 'till your laddie is a world war i song written by fern glenn and composed by maxwell goldman .
heart do n't lie is a song by american singer and songwriter la toya jackson .
new slang is a song by american rock band the shins featured on their 2001 album oh , inverted world .
new york is a song by american alternative rock band snow patrol from their debut album , fallen empires ( 2011 ) .
 gypsy is a song recorded by american singer shakira for her tenth studio album , she wolf ( 2010 ) .
a love bizarre is a song by american singer and songwriter sheila e. .
you 're welcome is a song recorded by american rock band the beach boys , credited to brian wilson , and released as the b-side to the group 's `` heroes and villains '' single on july 24 , 1967 .
gabriellas sång is a song written by stefan nilsson and py bäckman , and recorded by nilsson helen sjöholm .
lover to love you is a song by american indie rock band the corrs featured on their 1996 album forgiven , not forgotten .
sway it a is a song by australian singer-songwriter kt tunstall from her debut studio album invisible empire ( 2013 ) .
stop messin ' round is a song by the american rock band fleetwood mac , written by peter greenc and produced by mike vernon .
tort is a song by american singer and songwriter tori amos from her 1998 album , choirgirl hotel .
 marvellous & mine is a song by american singer lisa stansfield .
 goodbye priscilla is a song written by deanna summers , david g. saxton and ben shaw and performed by american country music artist gene summers .
car is a song by british singer and songwriter tori amos from her debut album , night of hunters ( 2011 ) .
an innocent man is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel .
s spoiled is a song by american singer joss stone from her second studio album , mind body soul ( 2005 ) .
that 's why i love you like i do is a song written by jack morrow , and recorded by american country music artist sonny james .
mocking memories of us is a song co-written and recorded by australian country music artist keith urban .
lover is a dance-pop song by american singer st. vincent from her third studio album , masseduction ( 2017 ) .
only i did n't know is a song recorded by japanese recording artist iu for her debut studio album iu ( 2011 ) .
 john pizzarelli salutes johnny mercer ( `` jump in the line '' ) is a song by american jazz artist john pizzarellalli released on 2015 .
stealin ' is a song by american singer-songwriter uriah heep .
my heart has a history is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist paul brandt .
push the limits is a song by australian new age band enigma .
you is a song by romeo santos from his debut studio album , formula ( 2011 ) .
on our own is a 1989 song by the american rock band brown .
hook me up is a song by american electronic group the veronicas from their third studio album , hook me up ( 2007 ) .
she makes my day is a 1989 song by robert palmer , included in the album heavy nova .
blue tacoma ( you 're not from texas ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist russell dickerson .
my kind of town is a song written by sammy cahn and jimmy van heusen and performed by frank sinatra .
my god is a song by american indie rock band kaiser chiefs from their self-titled debut album ( see 2005 in music ) .
bodies party is a song recorded by american singer ciara .
 wish you was here is a song written by harold rome and performed by rome .
every little word is a song recorded by japanese singer mnek .
ladders is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
hype is a song by dizzee rascal and calvin harris .
ca n't you hear the song is a song written by chris arnold , david martin and geoff morrow and performed by american country music artist wayne newton .
b bumped is a dance-pop song by right said fred that was first released on october 1993 .
monster is a song recorded by big bang for their seventh studio album still alive ( 2012 ) .
pullin ' me back is a song recorded by american recording artist chingy , featuring rapper tyrese , from her second studio album , hoodstar ( 2006 ) .
lover is ... is a song by american rock band king missile that was first released on 1994 .
sex and candy is a song by american alternative rock band marcy playground .
turn up the radio is a song by american alternative rock band weezer from their self-titled debut album ( 2010 ) .
s sit next to me is a song by american indie rock band foster the people .
almost in love is a song written by luiz bonfárandy starr , and recorded by elvis presley .
firehouse is a song written by paul stanley and richie wise , and recorded by american rock band kiss .
bring it home daddy is a song written by bruce bromberg and dennis walker , and performed by american country music artist ted hawkins .
there 's a service flag flying at our house is a world war i song written by thomas hoier and bernie .
homeward bound is a song by american duo simon and garfunkel and is the lead track on their debut album sounds of silence ( uk ) .
the gypsy 's wife is a song written by leonard cohen and performed by american singer-songwriter leonardi cohen .
hell on the hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .
sway a tender moment alone is a song by american blues rock singer billy joel .
waterline is a song by english country music artist jedward from her debut studio album , young love ( 2011 ) .
i 've got news for you is a 1991 r b song by feargal sharkey and dennis morgan .
two weeks is a song by american rock band all that remains .
carry on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .
pretty belinda is a 1969 song first recorded by chris andrews .
should i love you is a song by english new wave and synth-pop singer-songwriter cee farrow .
come go with me is a song by american freestyledance artist exposé .
 fantasy is reality is a song by the funk band parliament .
i hate myself for loving you is a song by american singer joan jett and r b group the blackhearts .
i 'll never smile again is a world war i song by ricky nelson and tommy dorsey .
pocahontas ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by neil young and crazy horse .
roller is a song by english glam rock band april wine featured on their 1979 album first glance .
check is a song by english hip hop recording artist young thug from his debut studio album , barter 6 ( 2015 ) .
reach for the sky is a song recorded by japanese recording artist mai kuraki for her second studio album , perfect crime ( 2000 ) .
no smoke without a fire is a 1989 song by bad company .
staying with me tonight is a song by english electronic group the human league .
signs is a song by american recording artist drake .
 girl i 'm gon na miss you is a 1989 song by american singer milli vanilli .
dear dictator is a song by the american rock band centerfold that first appeared in 1986 on the soundtrack to their 1986 album man 's ruin .
the love that faded is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist bob dylan .
stair selections from irving berlin 's white christmas is a song written by joseph lilley and may 4 , 1954 , and performed by american teenage singer irves berlin .
rocket is a song by american singer-songwriter alison goldfrapp from her debut studio album , head first ( 2010 ) .
stear love is a song by american rock band kool the gang .
hovi baby is a song by american rapper jay-z .
birth is a song written by john lennon and chris thomas and performed by the beatles .
i believe is a song by galleon that was first released on november 2001 .
s suzanne is a song by english horror punk rock band creeper from their third album eternity , in your arms .
deeper understanding is a song by australian singer kate bush from her debut studio album , director 's cut ( 2011 ) .
unreal is a song by argentine rock band ill niño from their second album , revolution revolución ( 2002 ) .
 desert rose is a song by sting and featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter cheb mami .
sure feels good is a song by english drum and bass band ultrabeat vs darren styles .
 poison is a song by american singer beyoncé from her debut studio album , i am ... sasha fierce ( 2007 ) .
baby , come back is a song and single written by eddy grant 1 and performed by american rock and roll band the equals .
shake it is a dance-pop song by columbia pop group metro station from their second studio album , metro station ( 2008 ) .
with all my might is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist george fox which hit no .
wheel in the sky is a song by the american hard rock band journey .
time for tha is a song by american rapper kevin gates from his debut studio album , islah ( 2015 ) .
siento ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by american hip hop artist wisin yandel from his debut studio album la revolución evolution ( 2009 ) .
do n't let me go is a song by the click five from their debut album , tcv ( 2010 ) .
stand up is a song by american rapper ludacris from his second studio album , chicken-n-beer ( 2002 ) .
i bought a flat guitar tutor is a song by english rock and roll band 10cc featured on their 1977 album deceptive bends .
pink & me is a song by american singer-songwriter hanson from her self-titled debut studio album ( see 2004 in music ) .
yellow roses is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dolly parton .
 ba yonga wamba ( `` do n't leave '' ) is a song recorded by australian recording artist banaroo for her seventh studio album , fly away ( 2007 ) .
dön artık ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song by turkey and is the main theme song of the german film grup mistik .
f faint is a song by american hip hop band linkin park from their second album , meteora ( 2002 ) .
myzsterious mizster jones is a song by american rock group slade .
ordinary day is a song recorded by american singer vanessa carlton , it was released as the second single from her debut studio album be not nobody .
i 'm broken is a song by american glam rock band pantera .
true disaster is a song by tove lo from her debut studio album , lady wood ( 2016 ) .
be beast is a song recorded by american singer mia martina , featuring guest vocals from waka flocka flame , from her debut studio album ( 2015 ) .
p pound cake paris morton music 2 is a song by american hip hop recording artist drake , featuring rapper jay-z , from his debut studio album nothing was the same ( 2013 ) .
no one to depend on is a song written by mike carabello , coke escovedo and gregg rolie and performed by american singer santana .
catch the moon is a song written by stefan andersson , and recorded by american singer-songwriter steean anderson .
i do n't wan na go on with you is a song by american singer elton john , written by john with bernie taupin and produced by chris thomas .
as the world falls down is a song written by david bowie , and recorded by american singer-songwriter david bowie .
sports & wine is a song by american alternative rock band ben folds five and is the lead track on their self-titled debut album ( 1995 ) .
cecilia ( `` the only living boy in new york '' ) is a 1970 song by simon garfunkel .
s silly thing is a song by english glam rock band sex pistols featured on their 1979 album the great rock 'n' roll swindle .
lover me is a song by american rapper justin bieber from his debut studio album , my world ( 2009 ) .
family tradition is a song written by hank williams jr and carson cyberstein , and recorded by american country music artist hank .
she 's got issues is a song by american punk rock band the offspring .
fernando is a song recorded by abba for their 1976 album greatest hits .
the northern girl is a song by russia and is the main theme song of the upcoming film the samla ( english translation : `` the days of the rainbow '' ) .
i got the hoss is a song written by gerald house , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
toe is a song by lights from their debut album , siberia ( 2011 ) .
sorted for e 's & wizz is a song by the british new wave and rock band pulp .
c crippled inside is a song by john lennon and yoko ono and is the lead track on his debut album imagine ( 1971 ) .
i belong to you is a song recorded by english singer gina g , it was released as the lead single from her debut studio album , fresh ! .
 bang is a 1989 song by english glam rock band danger danger from their second album , danger danger .
Everybody have fun tonig is a song written by nick feldmanjack huespeter wolf and recorded by american rock group wang chung .
lover on the sun is a song recorded by american country music artist david guetta , featuring rapper sam martin , from his debut studio album , listen ( 2014 ) .
 borders is a song by american alternative rock band feeder .
nothing is a song co-written and recorded by dwight yoakam and kostas .
heartbreak bea is a song by the american new wave band psychedelic furs and is the lead track on their 1986 album midnight to midnight .
everything and more is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jim witter .
vis vid vindens ängar ( english translation : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song written by mats paulson , and recorded by the american singer-songwriter mat '' .
the logical song is a song written and performed by american musician supertramp .
dear one is a 1961 song by larry finnegan and vincent finneran .
sway for a sleepwalker is a song by american indie rock band something for kate .
 cuba libre ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a dance-pop song by argentine singer gloria estefan from her debut studio album gloria ! ( 1998 ) .
the victors is a world war i era march song composed by louis elbel and performed by the victors .
l mejor de tu vida ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a latin pop song written and performed by julio iglesias .
songs by basement jaxx is a song by british record producer basement .
ca n't breathe is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter leona lewis .
lover 's gon na live here is a song written and recorded by buck owens which hit no .
no no never is a song recorded by american singer jane comerford , written by her with markus schmidt and olli dittrich and released as the third single from her tenth studio album texas lightning ( 2011 ) .
a certain girl is a 1961 r b song by american singer ernie k-doe .
sh hotter than you know is a song by preluders that was first released on may 17 , 2004 .
count me in is a song written by glen hardin and performed by american country music group gary lewis the playboys .
aja is a song by steely dan and is the lead track on the band 's debut album aja ( 1977 ) .
next year is a song by two door cinema club from their debut album beacon ( 2013 ) .
 aku memilih setia ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song recorded by australian singer fatin shidqia .
 beyond the call is a song written by david batteau , kevin dukes and darrell brown , and recorded by american singer john farnham .
 american baby is a song by american singer-songwriter dave matthews band .
s smile is a world war i song written and performed by charlie chaplin .
songs of experience is a song by american rapper kid cudi from her third studio album , man on the moon the end of day ( 2009 ) .
heartbreaker is a song by english singer-songwriter william adams from her debut studio album , girlsand3 words ( 2008 ) .
come home to me is a song by american singer miki howard .
pink haze is a song by groove armada from their second album , lovebox ( 2002 ) .
every single day is a song by english singer felix sandman from her third studio album , emotions ( 2018 ) .
the silence is a 1989 song by australian electronic group depeche mode , included in the album violator .
pimpin ' is a song by american rapper tony yayo from his second studio album thoughts of a predicate felon ( 2005 ) .
not a sain is a song by american electronic group vato gonzalez vs. lethal bizzle donae'o .
the boys back home is a song written by roger waters , david gilmour and james guthrie and performed by the american rock band pink floyd .
 oxygen ( english : `` and i ca n't forget about you '' ) is a song by american electronic group hadouken ! from their debut album every weekend .
i turn to you is a dance-popeurodance song by american singer melanie c .
dear smile is a song by english alternative rock band red hot chili peppers from their second album , stadium arcadium ( 2007 ) .
hellions on parade is a song by american rock band cky .
candy-o is a song by american rock band the cars featured on their 1979 album candy-o .
our house is a 1970 song by graham nash and nash young .
all you really wan na do is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michelle wright .
i 'm with you is a song by american singer avril lavigne from her second studio album , let go ( 2002 ) .
luck is a song by american indie rock band american authors oh , what a life .
 ( how to be a ) millionaire is a song recorded by american new wavesynth-pop group abc .
 flux is a 2007 song by american hip hop band bloc party .
 solitude is bliss is a song by australian drum and bass band tame impala .
dallas is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson which hit no .
cuddle up a little closer , lovey mine is a world war i song composed by otto harbach and composed by karl hoschna .
shake me , wake me is a gospel song by four tops and is the lead track on their debut album on top ( 1966 ) .
b bout your love is a song by english singer-songwriter glenn lewis from her debut studio album rudimental 2k .
life got cold is a song recorded by american glam rock band girls aloud , released as the second single from their third studio album , sound of the underground ( 2003 ) .
you think is a song by japanese recording artist girls ' generation from their debut studio album , lion heart ( 2015 ) .
oklahoma swing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill with reba mcentire .
coming for you is a song by american punk rock band the offspring .
lover of a lifetime is a song by english glam rock band firehouse .
whatever comes first is a song recorded by american country music band sons of the desert .
come a little closer is a song by american alternative rock band cage the elephant from their debut album , melophobia ( 2013 ) .
doin ' nothin ' is a song by american singer ace wilder from her debut studio album , busy doin ' n't nothin '' ( 2014 ) .
stair the great divide is a song written by robbie robertson and john simon , and recorded by american roots rock band the band .
 gringo ( english translation : `` today is sunday '' ) is a 1989 song by american singer sabrina .
sway away is a song by american rock band five finger death punch .
 dialogue is a song by american funk rock band chicago .
you make me feel like a man is a song written by peter rowan , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .
they were all out of step but ji ( you 're not from texas ) is a world war i song written by irving berlin and composed by berlin with ji .
picture me is a song written by brian r. shaw and mentor williams , and recorded by american country music artist davis daniel .
i was made for lovin ' you is a song by american hard rock band kiss .
it 's nobody 's fault but mine is a gospel song by blind willie johnson , first recorded as a b-side by dallas but better known in the a-side version by mine .
gravity is a song recorded by american singer sara bareilles from her debut studio album , little voice ( 2009 ) .
unbreakable hear is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist carlene carter .
gold brown is a song by the stranglers featured on their debut album la folie ( 1981 ) .
nobody 's baby again is a song written by baker knight and recorded by american country music artist dean martin .
save the last chance is a song written by walt aldridge robert byrne and ricky mccollister , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .
i ca n't ) forget about you is a song by american hip hop band r5 .
too many times is a song written by michael smotherman , scott page and tony mcshear , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .
knight of the clouds is a song by american hip hop band panic ! from their third studio album , pray for the wicked ( 2018 ) .
lévame contigo ( english : `` today is sunday '' ) is a song written and performed by argentine pop singer romeo santos released on august 20 , 2012 , as the first single off his eighth studio album , the king stays king .
 spark the fire is a song by american singer gwen stefani .
bottoms up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist brantley gilbert .
you 're the first , the last , my everything is a song by american r bdisco artist barry white .
be beast is a song by american singer-songwriter nico vega from her debut studio album nico vga ( 2013 ) .
lass uns tanzen is a song by english drum and bass band scooter .
tear lady is a song by american musician fleetwood mac .
it 's good is a song by american hip hop artist lil wayne from his debut studio album , tha carter iv ( 2011 ) .
staring at the sun is a song by irish rock band u2 .
makin ' up for lost time is a song written by gary morris and carson bros , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle and garymorris .
gold rush is a song by english indie rock band death cab for cutie .
she said yes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rhett akins .
waitin ' on joe is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist steve azar .
you and me and the devil makes 3 is a song by american singer and songwriter marilyn manson from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2007 ) .
what i 've been looking for is a song written by andy dodd and adam watts , and performed by american duo ashley tisdale and lucas grabeel .
dear maria , count me in is a song by american punk rock band all time low .
all about you is a song by american singer hilary duff from her debut studio album , breathe in ( 2014 ) .
lucky old sun is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney with the wailers .
new religion is a song by english singer duran duran .
 radioactive is a song by the firm that was first released on 2 september 1985 .
we in here is a song by american hip hop recording artist dmx , featuring rapper swizz beatz , from his second studio album , year of the dog ( 2006 ) .
1000 stars is a song by english singer natalie bassingthwaighte from her debut studio album , 1000 stars ( 2009 ) .
 crash course in the blues is a song written by steve wariner , john barlow jarvis and don cook , and recorded by american country music artist stev wariner .
save is a song by american singer bob dylan , written by beckett and jerry wexler and performed by dylan .
 paranoid android is a song by american alternative rock band radiohead from their sixth studio album , ok computer ( 1997 ) .
sleep like breathing is a song recorded by american singer alison moyet and written by freeman with joseph hughes .
look around is a song by american funk band red hot chili peppers from their debut album i 'm with you ( 2011 ) .
just lose i is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .
same old love is a song recorded by american singer selena gomez for her debut studio album , revival ( 2015 ) .
 crash into me is a song by american singer-songwriter dave matthews band .
black balloon is a 1999 song by american rock band goo goo dolls featured on their second album dizzy up the girl .
anesthetize is a song by english progressive rock band porcupine tree from their sixth album fear of a blank planet .
sober saturday nig is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist chris young , featuring guest vocals from vince gill , from young 's debut studio album i 'm comin ' over ( 2015 ) .
there 's no such thing as a jaggy snake is a song by english alternative rock band biffy clyro .
 addicted is a song by american singer danny fernandes from her tenth studio album , intro ( 2009 ) .
do n't let the sun catch you crying is a song written by gerry marsden , freddie marsden and les chadwick , and recorded by australian glam rock band gerry and the pacemakers .
me plus one is a song by american singer annie .
songs of experience is a song by english rock band 3t .
